Giorgio Armani
Retail Apparel and Fashion
Discover all 7,238 employees
About us
The Armani Group is one of the leading fashion and luxury goods groups in the world today with 10,500 direct employees, 12 production plants and more than 2,704 boutiques in 60 countries around the world. It designs, manufactures, distributes and retails fashion and lifestyle products including apparel, accessories, eyewear, watches, jewelry, home interiors, fragrances and cosmetics under a range of brand names: Giorgio Armani, Emporio Armani and A|X Armani Exchange. To join the Armani team please visit: careers.giorgioarmani.com http://www.armaniexchange.com/careers
External link for Giorgio Armani
Locations
Via Borgonuovo, 11
Milano, MI 20121, IT
Employees at Giorgio Armani
Updates
617,494 followers
Giorgio Armani – 50 Anni Il 24 luglio 1975 Giorgio Armani fonda la sua azienda a Milano e dà inizio a una visione fatta di precisione, equilibrio e misura. Fin da subito prende forma un linguaggio nuovo, capace di raccontare identità con forza e intenzione, libero da ogni eccesso. Nato nel cuore di una Milano da poco diventata capitale della moda italiana, questo stile è il fondamento di un linguaggio “oltre il tempo”. Presto questa storia si racconterà in una nuova forma attraverso Armani/Archivio, una piattaforma pensata per custodire e restituire la profondità di un’eredità lunga cinquant’anni. - Giorgio Armani - 50 Years On 24 July 1975 Giorgio Armani founded his company in Milan, giving life to a vision shaped by precision, balance and restraint. From that moment, a new language began to emerge, capable of conveying identity with strength and intention, liberated from excess and grounded in clarity. Born in the heart of a Milan that had only recently become the capital of Italian fashion, this aesthetic established the foundation for a style that looks “beyond the present,” defined by its purity and authority. This story will soon be told in a new form through Armani/Archivio, a platform conceived to preserve and reveal the depth of a legacy that spans fifty years.
Avviato a gennaio 2025, “Milano Green Circle”, il progetto ideato dal Comune di Milano in collaborazione con Forestami e con il supporto del Gruppo Armani prevede un’importante opera di riqualificazione del percorso della linea filoviaria 90/91. La prima fase appena conclusa si è concentrata sulla conservazione degli arbusti esistenti e sull'integrazione di specie nei punti dove mancava la vegetazione. L’esteso intervento di rinaturalizzazione porterà alla piantagione di 350 nuovi alberi e di oltre 60.000 arbusti ed erbacee perenni lungo il tratto filoviario che attraversa otto dei nove Municipi del Comune di Milano. L’incremento della biodiversità, la gestione delle acque meteoriche e la riduzione delle polveri sottili sono solo alcuni dei benefici che saranno apportati dalle piante messe a dimora lungo il percorso. Launched in January 2025, the “Milano Green Circle” project, conceived by the City of Milan in collaboration with Forestami and supported by the Armani Group, involves a major requalification of the route of the 90/91 trolleybus line. The first phase, which has just been completed, focused on the preservation of existing shrubs and the integration of species in areas where vegetation was lacking. The extensive renaturalisation work will lead to the planting of 350 new trees and more than 60,000 shrubs and herbaceous perennial along the path that crosses eight of the nine municipalities of the City of Milan. Increased biodiversity, stormwater management and and the reduction of fine dust are just some of the benefits that will be provided by the plants planted along the route.
Emporio Armani returns to Como. In the heart of the city, overlooking Piazza Duomo, the new Emporio Armani store opens its doors in a stunning historical building from the 1920s. A 250 sqm space showcasing the men’s and women’s collections, accessories, eyewear, watches, and jewelry, where architecture meets contemporary elegance.
A refined expression of contrasts, Noir Séduisant explores the sensual architecture of black through sculptural tailoring, luminous textures, and silhouettes that move between softness and structure. Bow ties and tuxedos echo masculine precision, while sheer details, pavé crystals and fluid dresses heighten a feminine allure. This is the language of elegance spoken in black — the essence of the #GiorgioArmaniPrivé Fall/Winter 2025-26 collection, unveiled at Palazzo Armani in Paris, France.
Giorgio Armani announces the opening of a new store and restaurant in Hong Kong. Located within the Pacific Place mall, the boutique features a striking façade with backlit wallpapered pillars and platinum panels bearing the Giorgio Armani logo. Inside, three distinct rooms unfold in soft, harmonious tones, with marble-effect floors, silk wallpapers, and marmorino ceilings. Custom furnishings and Armani/Casa pieces complete the atmosphere, including a private area for eveningwear with a VIP dressing room adorned in refined wallcoverings. Next door, the first Armani/Caffè in Hong Kong offers an elegant retreat from shopping. Open from lunch through dinner, it serves a menu tailored to international tastes — from saffron risotto and veal Milanese to fresh salads and a curated selection of teas and infusions by Armani/Dolci.
A fluid narrative of contrasts unfolds as city and coast, East and West, tailored softness and weightless construction blend instinctively in the Giorgio Armani Spring Summer 2026 Men’s Fashion Show at Armani/Teatro.
Watch the Emporio Armani Menswear Spring/Summer 2026 Fashion Show live at 7pm CEST on Saturday 21st June.
Emporio Armani opens a new store in Ginza. Located in the prestigious Ginza Six area, the new space spans 900 square metres across three floors inside the Miyuki building. A refined expression of Mr. Armani’s vision, the store reflects a deep connection with Japanese aesthetics - minimal, balanced, and harmoniously integrated with the surrounding cityscape. The experience is completed by the Emporio Armani Caffè, inviting guests to pause and enjoy the sophisticated atmosphere at the heart of the city.
Giorgio Armani celebrates the launch of the first megayacht entirely designed by Mr. Armani himself in collaboration with The Italian Sea Group. The project represents a perfect synthesis of stylistic refinement and nautical excellence. A harmonious balance between minimalist aesthetics and advanced technologies, designed to redefine the standards of high-end luxury yachting. The elegant exterior lines reveal a bold architectural imprint: geometric volumes alternate with curved surfaces, creating a structure that is both dynamic and precise. Brushed aluminum and stainless steel accents reflect the light in a sophisticated play of reflections, while expansive floor-to-ceiling windows open the interior spaces to the surrounding seascape. The upper decks unfold like suspended terraces, with areas conceived to offer freedom and flexibility: from the open-air lounge to the helicopter landing pad, every detail is designed with both function and elegance in mind. The interiors, curated by Armani/Casa, amplify the vision of the renowned designer: precious materials such as Black Marquina, Golden Calacatta, and Canaletto Walnut blend seamlessly with mirrors, artisanal lighting, and selected fabrics, creating an intimate, sophisticated, and timeless atmosphere. A bold yet relaxed décor that combines understated luxury with meticulous, tailor-made craftsmanship.
One Ocean Week 2025 Dal 22 al 25 maggio si terrà a Milano la quarta edizione della One Ocean Week, organizzata dalla One Ocean Foundation , di cui il Gruppo Armani è sostenitore. Oltre a esplorare il mondo marino e il suo ruolo essenziale per il pianeta, si affronteranno temi legati al futuro del cibo e alle strategie per un'economia blu. In quest’occasione verrà presentato il progetto Blue Forest in Sardegna, un’iniziativa destinata a diventare la più grande operazione di riforestazione marina del Mediterraneo, volta alla tutela e al ripristino della Posidonia oceanica che ospita oltre 350 specie marine, genera l'80% della produzione costiera di ossigeno e può assorbire circa 130 kg di CO₂ all'anno per metro quadrato. L'evento è accessibile a tutti previa registrazione: https://lnkd.in/djENR5jK
Join now to see what you are missing
Similar pages
Retail Luxury Goods and Jewelry
Milan , Milan
Casellina di Scandicci, Florence
Luxury Goods & Jewelry
London, England
Paris, Île de France
Browse jobs
Agree & Join LinkedIn
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Sign in to see who you already know at Giorgio Armani
Welcome back
or
New to LinkedIn? Join now
LinkedIn
LinkedIn is better on the app
Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.
the maximum number of available tickets for this timeslot has been reached
The maximum quantity must be equal to or less than 4
Personally curated by Giorgio Armani, the exhibition presents, for the first time in Milan, garments from the Haute Couture collection. Exhibition on view until December 28, 2025
Personally curated by Giorgio Armani, the exhibition presents, for the first time in Milan, garments from the Haute Couture collection.
Exhibition on view until December 28, 2025
SUMMER CLOSURE Armani/Silos closes from August 11th to 26th.
SUMMER CLOSURE
Armani/Silos closes from August 11th to 26th.
MON TUE – closed
WED FRI SUN – from 11 am to 7 pm Last admission 6 pm
THU SAT – from 11 am to 9 pm Last admission 8 pm
Given the high number of visitors, booking is highly recommended .
via Bergognone, 40 Milan, Italy
info@armanisilos.com
press@armanisilos.com
+39 02 91630010
ABOUT THE WORLD OF ARMANI/SILOS
Armani/Silos is a living, open-to-the-public space that illustrates Giorgio Armani’s professional experience by offering an overview of the designer’s career via some of his most memorable works, revealing a rich heritage of unique know-how: a space in which to design the future while capturing the changing times, lifestyles and cultures.
THE DIGITAL ARCHIVE
With the Digital Archive project, Giorgio Armani opens his personal archive to the wider public, giving visitors access to a vast and continuously evolving resource that reveals the designer’s creative process, working methods and aesthetic approach.
The archive, containing sketches, fashion show videos and iconic advertising photos from past Giorgio Armani ready-to-wear and Privé couture collections, is free to consult and features an interactive catalogue, workstations as well as a screening area intended to stimulate research and inspire young generations by looking back at some of the house’s most iconic moments.
EXPLORE THE SPACE
A glimpse into Giorgio Armani’s world: the dream of a measured, timeless aesthetic.
GROUND FLOOR / ENTRANCE
“I decided to call it Silos because this building used to store food, which is, of course, essential for life. For me, just as much as food, clothes are also a part of life.”
GROUND FLOOR / BOOKSHOP
The gift shop offers visitors a selection of specially created designer objects and accessories, along with a selection of publications from the world of Armani.
GROUND FLOOR / CAFÉ
Elegant ambience and pure lines for the café with an outside patio.
THIRD FLOOR / THE DIGITAL ARCHIVE
The Digital Archive is a work in progress resource meant to stimulate research. A unique space that provides the opportunity to review the past in order to help create the future.
PLAN YOUR VISIT
TICKETS
THE EXHIBITION SPACE
Sign up to learn about Armani/Silos and get a first look at upcoming events.
Email address
Country/Region of Residence*
By activating your registration, you declare that you are at least 16 years of age and authorise the Armani Group Companies to process your personal data for the purposes of registration to receive marketing communications as indicated in the Privacy policy.
Your subscription has been confirmed
MON TUE – closed WED FRI SUN – from 11 am to 7 pm Last admission 6 pm THU SAT – from 11 am to 9 pm Last admission 8 pm
via Bergognone, 40 Milan, Italy Plan your visit
Plan your visit
info@armanisilos.com press@armanisilos.com +39 02 91630010 (number active Mon – Sat from 9:00am to 6:30pm, excluding holidays)
Go Back
Total Upoints: worth AED
Enter Code
You can apply upto two codes at a time as below combination. e.g.
IATA +Promo Code
IATA + Corporate Code
You can’t apply more than two codes.
You can’t apply two codes without IATA code combination.
This combination is not valid.
EXPO 2020
Book Your Ticket
To book Exclusive Hospitality Experiences at 2020 Club by Emaar, Click here
STAY WITH ARMANI
The collection of Armani Hotels & Resorts reflects the pure elegance, simplicity and sophisticated comfort that embody the designer’s signature style and aesthetic, bringing to life the ‘Stay with Armani’ philosophy characterized by excellence in service.
ARMANI HOTEL MILANO
Situated in the heart of the historic center of Milan, in the city’s prestigious fashion district, sits the Armani Hotel Milano, providing a world of harmony, privacy and calm in true Armani style.
ARMANI HOTEL DUBAI
Nestled in the iconic Burj Khalifa and within walking distance to The Dubai Mall, the world’s largest shopping destination, is the Armani Hotel Dubai, a pinnacle of luxurious living and fine dining.
AN EXCEPTIONAL WORLD OF LUXURY
Understated elegance, uncompromising attention to detail and stunning views meet world-class services and unmatched culinary offerings, ensuring an unforgettable experience for guests staying at our urban retreat.
REST IN ULTIMATE STYLE
Exquisite settings and unparalleled service coupled with sophisticated ambiences define the exceptional lifestyle experience, where every element has been carefully curated by Giorgio Armani.
CULINARY INDULGENCE
Memorable award-winning dining experiences await at the Armani Hotels & Resorts, featuring exquisite menus and innovative gourmet dishes created by some of the world’s leading chefs.
AN OASIS OF TRANQUILITY
Enjoy the serene and blissful atmosphere of the Armani/SPA, offering unique treatments and exclusive services designed to help you fully unwind and regenerate.
PEOPLE, PLANET, PROSPERITY
An exploration and a retracing of the values that have always underpinned the designer’s stylistic direction and entrepreneurial decisions.
FUTURE DESTINATIONS
Developed by Diriyah in collaboration with Mr. Giorgio Armani and his inhouse interior design team and the architects who are involved in the design of the development, is characterised by essential lines that enhance the precious materials utilised, and a subtle interplay of volumes, light and shadow — perfectly in line with the aesthetics and landscape of Saudi Arabia.
Sign up to receive exclusive offers and news from Armani Hotels & Resorts
Select a hotel and check availability
Offer:
Clear
You can't apply more than two codes.
You can't apply two codes without IATA code combination.
Dining Reservation
Global Bistronomy
Address Fountain Views
Powered by
Looking to Make a Group Booking?
Restaurant Reservation
JavaScript is not available.
We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.
Help Center
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.
Andorra Utd.Arab Emir. Afghanistan Antigua/Barbuda Anguilla Albania Armenia Dutch Antilles Angola Antarctica Argentina Samoa, America Austria Australia Aruba Azerbaijan Bosnia-Herz. Barbados Bangladesh Belgium Burkina Faso Bulgaria Bahrain Burundi Benin Bermuda Brunei Daruss. Bolivia Brazil Bahamas Bhutan Bouvet Islands Botswana Belarus Belize Canada Campione Italia Coconut Islands Dem. Rep. Congo CAR Rep.of Congo Switzerland Cote d'Ivoire Cook Islands Chile Cameroon China, Mainland Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Cape Verde Christmas Islnd Cyprus Czech Republic Germany Djibouti Denmark Dominica Dominican Rep. Algeria Ecuador Estonia Egypt West Sahara Eritrea Spain Ethiopia Finland Fiji Falkland Islnds Micronesia Faroe Islands France Gabon United Kingdom Grenada Georgia French Guayana Guernsey Ghana Gibraltar Greenland Gambia Guinea Guadeloupe Equatorial Guin Greece S. Sandwich Ins Guatemala Guam Guinea-Bissau Guyana Hong Kong, S.A.R. of China Heard/McDon.Isl Honduras Croatia Haiti Hungary Indonesia Ireland Israel Isle of Man India Brit.Ind.Oc.Ter Iraq Iran Iceland Italy Jersey Jamaica Jordan Japan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Cambodia Kiribati Comoros St Kitts&Nevis North Korea South Korea Kuwait Cayman Islands Kazakhstan Laos Lebanon St. Lucia Liechtenstein Sri Lanka Liberia Lesotho Lithuania Luxembourg Latvia Libya Morocco Monaco Moldova Montenegro Madagascar Marshall Islnds Macedonia Mali Burma Mongolia Macau, S.A.R. of China N.Mariana Islnd Martinique Mauretania Montserrat Malta Mauritius Maldives Malawi Mexico Malaysia Mozambique Namibia New Caledonia Niger Norfolk Islands Nigeria Nicaragua Netherlands Norway Nepal Nauru Niue New Zealand Oman Panama Peru Frenc.Polynesia Pap. New Guinea Philippines Pakistan Poland St.Pier,Miquel. Pitcairn Islnds Puerto Rico Palestine Portugal Palau Paraguay Qatar Reunion Romania Serbia Russian Fed. Rwanda Saudi Arabia Solomon Islands Seychelles Sudan Sweden Singapore Saint Helena Slovenia Svalbard Slovakia Sierra Leone San Marino Senegal Somalia Suriname S.Tome,Principe El Salvador Syria Swaziland Turksh Caicosin Chad French S.Territ Togo Thailand Tajikistan Tokelau Islands East Timor Turkmenistan Tunisia Tonga East Timor Turkey Trinidad,Tobago Tuvalu Taiwan Tanzania Ukraine Uganda Minor Outl.Isl. USA Uruguay Uzbekistan Vatican City St. Vincent Venezuela Brit.Virgin Is. Amer.Virgin Is. Vietnam Vanuatu Wallis,Futuna Samoa Kosovo Yemen Mayotte South Africa Zambia Zimbabwe Cliccando su “Iscriviti” dichiari di avere almeno 18 anni e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati personali per l'iscrizione alla newsletter CSR come indicato nell’ Informativa sulla Privacy .
Persone, Pianeta, Prosperità
Giorgio Armani ha creato uno stile del quale, con grande coerenza , continua negli anni a esplorare le innumerevoli mutazioni e possibilità. In quanto espressione di una visione precisa fin nel minimo dettaglio, lo stile Armani è uno stile nel senso autentico del termine: un modo di essere e di porgersi, fatto certamente di abiti e accessori, ma anche di modi, gesti, attenzioni e atteggiamenti; uno stile che va oltre la somma delle parti che lo compongono, e che va ben al di là di ciò che si indossa.
Convinto che etica ed estetica debbano coincidere, Giorgio Armani attraverso lo stile esprime valori duraturi e fondamentali. Lo fa creando oggetti senza tempo , che il design puro ed essenziale, esaltato dai materiali preziosi e dalle lavorazioni artigianali, sottrae alla fuggevolezza delle mode passeggere. Abiti che privilegiano una fluidità che è tanto morbidezza delle costruzioni quanto naturale e progressiva fusione dei codici maschili e femminili, per veicolare una femminilità misteriosa e personale, e una mascolinità morbida e consapevole.
Giorgio Armani ha costruito il proprio stile partendo dal corpo, vestendolo di morbidezza, facendo del comfort un aspetto imprescindibile. Immagina abiti discreti, mai inutilmente vistosi, piacevoli da indossare, che seguono con naturalezza i movimenti; vestiti che rispondono a una funzione, elegantemente. Un approccio al design che mette al centro la persona, cui si offrono abiti che sono strumenti di empowerment e nuova rappresentazione di sé: il power suit di donne ormai protagoniste nel mondo del lavoro; il soft suit di uomini lontani da un’idea di maschio rigida e superata.
Giorgio Armani crede in un’ inclusione che è in primo luogo mentale: rifiutando l’idea dello status symbol generalista, parla a personalità forti, a caratteri intelligenti, cui offre creazioni che durano nel tempo perché nascono dall’idea che meno è meglio , ossia dal convincimento che il buon design non abbia data di scadenza e nulla c’entri con il consumo irresponsabile. Lo stile come modo di vivere sostenibile .
Giorgio Armani concretizza la propria visione unica attraverso la disciplina estrema del progettista intransigente in primo luogo con se stesso, preso in una sfida di continuo miglioramento, e poi soprattutto attraverso l’ indipendenza , carattere fondante e strenuamente difeso, unico viatico di un’espressione libera e personale, di un’ autenticità che ha fatto di uno stile un lifestyle.
Apulia Regenerative Cotton Project
Acqua for Life: dieci progetti attivi nel mondo
In evidenza
Notizie e aggiornamenti sui progetti e sulle iniziative del Gruppo Armani
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Spedizioni in Italia gratuite per ordini sopra 79€ Le spedizioni sono sospese dal 01/08/2025 la 17/08/2025
ARMANI/DOLCI BY GUIDO GOBINO
“Sono lieto di questa nuova collaborazione, naturale conseguenza dell’incontro tra il desiderio di offrire ai miei clienti un prodotto Armani/Dolci di altissimo livello e la raffinatezza del cioccolato artigianale di Guido Gobino , riconosciuto nel mondo per la qualità e per l’innovazione nel rispetto della tradizione”.
CIOCCOLATO
Tutta la produzione integra il processo dalle fave di cacao al cioccolato , selezionando il cacao unicamente fra le qualità più aromatiche e prediligendo quelle di provenienza centro-sud americana perché più pregiate e più ricche di sfumature aromatiche.
ALTRE SPECIALITA'
Oltre al cioccolato di nostra produzione, Armani/Dolci by Guido Gobino seleziona i migliori prodotti per completare la nostra gamma con confetture, miele, tè, frollini e zucchero.
Cliccando il tasto “Iscriviti", dichiari di avere un'età maggiore di 16 anni e presti il tuo consenso al trattamento dei tuoi dati personali per ricevere newsletter e altre comunicazioni pubblicitarie da parte di Giorgio Armani S.p.A. nella tua casella di posta elettronica. I tuoi dati saranno conservati per tutto il tempo necessario al raggiungimento della finalità per cui sono stati raccolti; puoi in ogni momento revocare il consenso che hai dato, senza che ciò pregiudichi la liceità del trattamento realizzato prima della revoca. Il Titolare del trattamento è Giorgio Armani S.p.A., Via Borgonuovo 11, 20121 Milano; il Responsabile della Protezione Dati può essere contattato a: dpo@giorgioarmani.it ; il Responsabile del trattamento è Vegan Solutions s.r.l., con sede legale in Italia, Contrà del Monte 13, 36100 Vicenza. Puoi esercitare i tuoi diritti (art. 15 e ss GDPR), tra cui il diritto di accesso ai dati, di opposizione al trattamento, alla portabilità e/o chiedere maggiori informazioni scrivendo a privacy@giorgioarmani.it . Puoi altresì presentare un reclamo all'autorità di controllo. Per ulteriori informazioni consulta la Privacy Policy .
GUIDO GOBINO s.r.l. Via Cagliari 15/b - 10153 Torino (TO) – Italia Tel. (+39) 011 247 62 45 - Fax (+39) 011 247 88 68 Rea n. 579452 C.C.I.A.A. Torino - Cap Soc. € 350.000 i.v. Registro Imprese Torino, C.F. e P.IVA 02646140018
Spedizione standard Consegna entro 5 giorni lavorativi
Armani/Dolci online store accetta i seguenti metodi di pagamento: Carta di Credito : Visa e MasterCard. L'importo verrà addebitato sulla carta al momento dell’ordine. PayPal : per acquistare online comodamente, senza bisogno di digitare sul sito i dati della carta di credito. L'addebito sul conto avviene al completamento dell'ordine. Per registrare un nuovo conto PayPal, visita il sito paypal.com.
Invia una mail a info@armanidolci.com, rispondiamo entro 24 ore, da lunedì al venerdì, escluse le festività.
FOLLOW GIORGIO ARMANI
FOLLOW EMPORIO ARMANI
