Menu
Highlights Highlights
Women's new arrivals Women's new arrivals
Men's new arrivals Men's new arrivals
Special Projects Special Projects
Summer Solstice Summer Solstice
Bags Bags
Shoes Shoes
Wallets Wallets
Travel Travel
Clothing Clothing
Jewellery Jewellery
Accessories Accessories
Eyewear Eyewear
Highlights
men-orbit-flash
Style Style
Family Family
Women Women
Men Men
Lines Lines
By category By category
Fragrances Fragrances
Gifts for her Gifts for her
Gifts for him Gifts for him
Personalisation Personalisation
Art of Living Art of Living
Craft & Creativity Craft & Creativity
Collections Collections
Fanzine Fanzine
Bottega for You Bottega for You
Inside Bottega Inside Bottega
While typing your search keywords, some suggestions may appear below the form without validating it.
Suggestions
Unfortunately, there are no results corresponding to “{0}”. Please try a different search.
We didn’t find any any items corrisponding exactly to your query, please search for a different item.
Feel free to contact Client Service by Email or Phone at +39 02 82 950 290 we will be glad to help you.
Please note that the items in your cart will be shipped to the country/region you will select.
Now shipping to:
Select a language
Please note that after modifying the language, the selected country and currency will remain the same.
Select your location
HOME BOTTEGA VENETA HOME COLLECTION BRINGS SIGNATURE HOUSE CRAFT TO TEXTILES, HOME DECORATION, AND INTERIOR ACCESSORIES. FROM LEATHER TRAYS AND INTRECCIATO BASKETS TO WOVEN BLANKETS AND ONE-OF-A-KIND CERAMICS, THE HOME COLLECTION INSTILLS EVERYDAY HOME OBJECTS AND EXPERIENCES WITH ARTISANAL EXCELLENCE.
Home
Store locator
Find your nearest Bottega Veneta store to discover our latest collections and exclusive items.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe to the Bottega Veneta newsletter for information on collections, shows and other exclusive updates.
Need Help?
* Required fields
By signing up you agree to receive updates from BOTTEGA VENETA. For more information please consult our privacy policy .
Thank you.
Bottega for you
inside bottega
Legal and Cookies
Make an appointment
Now shipping to: International version
Women's Shoulder Bags
Bags
Filter & Sort
Loading:
Load products automatically
Campana
Large Campana
Madison
Loop Weekender
Small Parachute
Small Parachute Chain
Parachute
12 of 63 products
null
storeLocator.noStoreFound
To see more results please change the area on the map or zoom out.
Thank you for your request
A Sales Associate will contact you to confirm your private appointment in your selected store.
SUMMER 25 SUFFUSED WITH A SPIRIT OF YOUTHFUL IMAGINATION, THE SEASON PROPOSES A NEW KIND OF POWER DRESSING – THE POWER OF WONDER, DISCOVERY, AND PLAY. THE COLLECTION IS ACCOMPANIED BY THE ARK, A LIMITED-EDITION SERIES OF ANIMAL-SHAPED SEATS INSPIRED BY THE ICONIC SACCO CHAIR.
Summer 25
Andiamo bag
Small Andiamo
Andiamo
Large Andiamo
Andiamo Long Wallet
Andiamo Flap Card Case
Andiamo Card Case
Andiamo Zipped Card Case
Andiamo Clutch
12 of 58 products
Women's Crossbody Bags
Loop Top Handle
Cobble Messenger
Bang Bang
Small Lauren 1980
Lauren 1980
GIFTS FOR HIM DISCOVER SPECIAL PIECES THAT MAKE BOTTEGA VENETA CRAFT AND CREATIVITY ONE-OF-A-KIND.
BAGS
WALLETS
ACCESSORIES
ART OF LIVING
EYEWEAR
JEWELLERY
Gifts for him
FOUNDING PRINCIPLES BOTTEGA VENETA’S FOUNDING PRINCIPLES ARE DERIVED FROM OUR ORIGINAL COMPANY CREST WHICH BEARS THE LATIN MOTTO “LABOR ET INGENIUM”, SIGNIFYING CRAFT AND CREATIVITY.
TOGETHER, CRAFT AND CREATIVITY SPEAK TO THE MEETING OF HAND AND THE MIND, ARTIST AND ARTISAN, IDEA AND APPLICATION. THIS COMBINATION IS AT THE ESSENCE BOTTEGA VENETA SINCE OUR FOUNDING IN 1966. THROUGH CRAFT, WE EXPRESS OUR CREATIVITY. THROUGH CREATIVITY, WE KEEP OUR CRAFT IN MOTION.
CRAFT AND CREATIVITY ALSO REFLECTS THE SPIRIT OF COMMUNITY THAT IS AT THE HEART OF BOTTEGA VENETA. IT’S IN OUR NAME: BOTTEGA VENETA MEANS “VENETIAN ARTISANAL WORKSHOP”. UNLIKE OTHER BRANDS, OUR HOUSE WAS NAMED NOT AFTER ANY ONE INDIVIDUAL BUT AFTER A COLLECTIVE “BOTTEGA”, OR WORKSHOP, WHERE DIFFERENT PEOPLE, IDEAS, PERSPECTIVES, AND SKILLS ARE UNITED IN AN UNWAVERING COMMITMENT TO EXCELLENCE AND A UNIQUE VISION OF LUXURY.
Founding Principles
Men's Document Cases
Getaway Document Case
Small Intrecciato Document Case With Wristlet
Small Intrecciato Document Case
Intrecciato Document Case With Wristlet
Intrecciato Document Case
Arco Document Case
Showing 8 items
Women's New Wallets
Intrecciato Bi-Fold Wallet
Intrecciato Bi-Fold Wallet With Coin Purse
Intrecciato Zip Around Wallet
Intrecciato Travel Pouch
Diago Phone Pouch
Diago Medium Pouch
Vertical Dustbag
Intrecciato Piccolo Bi-Fold Wallet
Intrecciato Piccolo Flap Card Case
Intrecciato Piccolo Card Case
Intrecciato Piccolo Zip Around Wallet
12 of 80 products
SHOPPING BAG
Store availability
Size guide
Employee sales shopping rules
Notify me
Be contacted
Thank you for using the Contact Us form.
We will soon get back to you with an answer.
Alchemie - Eau de Parfum
By selecting a colour, size availability may change
Color:
Black
Elevated on a base of Verde Saint Denis marble, this tailor-made, supple Intrecciato of ingredients is housed in an organically shaped glass bottle inspired by the artisanal heritage of the Veneto region. OLFACTORY NOTES With notes of mandarin, nutmeg and leather, this scent evokes a magnetic sophistication. • Top Note: Pink Pepper extract, Mandarin oil, Nutmeg oil • Heart Note: Myrrh oil, Leather accord, Labdanum absolute • Base Note: Vetiver oil, Sandalwood oil CRAFTSMANSHIP • Using an innovative process inspired by the traditional Venetian glassblowing techniques, the bottle design recreates their distinctive mouth-blown air bubbles, giving each piece its unique qualities.
• Made in: Italy
• Product code: 788721VV5709980
• Place the fragrance bottle carefully on the marble base to prevent the risk of slipping or breaking. • Keep your fragrance in a cool and dry place, away from direct exposure to light and any source of heat.
Frequently asked questions
ORDERS
PAYMENTS
DELIVERY
RETURNS AND EXCHANGES
MY ACCOUNT
STORE SERVICES
AFTERCARE
To place your Bottega Veneta online order, please follow the steps below: - On the selected product page, select the desired colour/size and add the item to your shopping bag - Click on the shopping bag icon on the top right of the website - Once on the shopping bag, select the desired quantity and proceed to checkout - Enter your shipping and payment details - Check that the information you entered is correct and click on "Place order" You will be able to place your order with your Bottega Veneta account or as a guest. Please note that only by placing your order with an existing account, you will be able to use your saved shipping and payment information, or benefit from the Certificate of Craft on a selection of items. A few minutes after placing your order, you will receive a confirmation email with all the order details. You will also be notified with another email as soon as your order has shipped. If you need assistance with placing your order, feel free to contact our Customer Care. We will be glad to assist you or place your order on your behalf. You can also place your online order through some selected Bottega Veneta boutiques: simply choose the item you want to purchase, provide your details, and our staff will take care of your request.
Orders with available stock are processed quickly to ensure that they arrive to you as soon as possible. For this reason, orders cannot be cancelled or modified once they have been confirmed. You are welcome to return or exchange your order once received as indicated in our Return & Exchange Policy . For further help please contact our Customer Care .
A pre-order is the reservation of an item that is not yet available for sale, but will soon be. An estimated delivery date is indicated for each pre-order item on the product page. If your order consists of a mix of currently available and pre-order items, the products will be dispatched separately at two different times. If your order consists of pre-order items with different delivery dates, the products will be shipped separately as soon as each item is ready to be shipped. We handcraft our products with extreme care, this can result in longer production times that can postpone the initial estimated shipping date of your pre-order. The purchase of pre-order items can only be made via credit card. Once you have completed your order, we will ask your bank to verify the details supplied. The validity of your credit card will be confirmed through a payment authorisation for the total amount of your pre-order value for 7 days. When your order is ready to be shipped, a new authorisation will be processed on your credit card to validate the payment. You will only be charged once your order has shipped. Please note that in case the new authorization doesn't go through, you will be requested to insert your payment details again.
You can always check the status of your order by logging in to the Bottega Veneta account used to place the order, and checking your order history. If you do not have a registered account, you can check your order status here by simply entering the order number and the email used to place the order.
By selecting the gift option during the checkout process, you will have the possibility to write a personalized message that will be included within the parcel.
By selecting the gift option at checkout, your order will be delivered in signature green Bottega Veneta packaging, elegantly tied with a black ribbon. Please note that the gift receipt will not include any pricing information.
While completing your order, you will be requested to write a personalized message which will be printed on a card, inserted into an envelope, and included in your box.
Our Customer Care is not available on the following public holidays:
• January 1 st , New Year’s Day • April 21 th , Easter Monday • May 1 st , International Worker’s Day • June 2 nd , Republic Day (Italy) • August 15 th , Assumption Day • November 1 st , All Saints’ Day • December 8 th , Immaculate Conception • December 25 th , Christmas Day • December 26 th , St Stephen’s Day
We accept the following payment methods:
Credit cards:
Visa, Mastercard, American express
The total will be charged to your card when the order is shipped. Bottegaveneta.com features a fast checkout option, allowing you to save your credit card details so that you don't have to re-enter them for future purchases.
Bottegaveneta.com guarantees that your credit card will be charged only once for the amount of an order. It is possible that the amount may be shown twice on your statement: the first entry corresponds to the payment authorization request that is made when you place the order; the second confirms the actual charge.
Paypal:
Easily shop online without having to enter your credit card details on the website. Your account will be charged once the order is completed. To register for a new paypal account, visit the website paypal.com
All our prices are inclusive of VAT. You can download the invoice for each order directly from your shipping confirmation email.
Please note that once your order has been confirmed, there is no way to modify the details you have entered and it is not possible to issue a new invoice.
If you receive notification that your credit or debit card or other payment method has been declined, please contact your issuing bank or payment provider.
Before doing so, please ensure that: - The card details or payment information entered such as the the 16 digit card number and card type are correct. - The 3 or 4 digit security number is correct - Your credit card has not expired
If you have saved your card details or payment information we also recommend that you: - Check that the selected card or method of payment is active and has not expired - Ensure that the billing address entered matches that of the credit card or payment method used for payment - Update your credit card details directly in your Bottegaveneta.com account or add a new credit card at checkout - Modify your billing information at checkout if necessary - Supply a correct 3 or 4 digit security number for the selected card or payment method
If you would like further assistance, please contact our Customer Care .
You will receive an email with your tracking number once your package has been shipped. Please check the number of boxes delivered and make sure the package is not damaged in any way. Any damage to the packaging and/or the product or any discrepancy between the number of boxes delivered should be immediatedly notified by indicating in writing on the courier's delivery documents. Our courier delivers from Monday to Friday during business hours and will make three delivery attempts. After the third failed attempt, your order will be returned to the sender. Please note that once you have placed an order, it is no longer possible to modify your shipping address.
All orders are processed automatically and we are unable to expedite or delay shipping times.
Bottega Veneta offers you the possibility to pick up for free in a store the items you ordered online. During the checkout process select "Pick up in Store" and choose which store you would like to have your order delivered to. You will receive an email as soon as your order is ready to be picked up at the store.
In order to pick up your order, you will need to bring with you : - A valid ID - The email confirming that your order is ready for pick up (printed or on a mobile device)
If someone is collecting an order on your behalf, they must bring : - A copy of your valid ID - A valid ID of the person collecting - The email confirming that your order is ready for pick up (printed or on a mobile device) - a letter of authorisation.
If the item is not picked up within 15 days of delivery to the store, the order will be returned and we will issue a refund.
Unfortunately, it is not possible to choose a specific delivery date and time.
You can find all information related to your order including its delivery status in the Order History section of your personal account .
If your order has not been delivered within the estimated period, we suggest you: - Check your order's delivery status in the Order History section of your personal account - Check that the address indicated for the delivery is correct.
For further assistance, please contact our Customer Care and we will be happy to assist you.
Upon delivery, please make sure that the number of boxes delivered are as stated on the shipping confirmation email, and that the package is not damaged in any way. Any damage to the packaging and/or the product or any discrepancy between the number of boxes delivered should be immediately notified by indicating the condition of the parcel (damaged package, open box...) In writing on the courier’s delivery documents, under your signature.
You can return any item* purchased on Bottegaveneta.com within 30 days from the delivery or pick up date. Returns are complimentary and our orders come with a prepaid return label. Please note that all returns must be returned in the country of purchase.
To process a return, please follow the steps below:
1. Fill out the online return form by clicking on "returns" in your order history in my account. After submission of your request, we invite you to return your order within 30 days. 2. Make sure your item(s) are returned unworn, in their original condition and with all tags attached including gift packaging. 3. Place the item(s) in the original packaging and shipping box and attach the enclosed return shipping label over the initial delivery label. 4. Contact DHL to arrange a pick-up at your convenience or drop off your return at one of the carriers access points.
Once your package reaches the warehouse, please allow 5 to 7 business days (depending on peak times) for your return to be processed. If your return does not meet the conditions listed, the package will be sent back to you. Once your return has been accepted, you will be refunded and will receive an email confirming this.
For further information on the conditions for exercising your right to return, please visit our return policy.
You can return items* purchased at Bottegaveneta.com to a store within 30 days, just follow the steps listed below :
1. Make sure the items are in the original condition, all tags and packaging included
2. Put the items into the original box and bring them to one of our stores, along with a purchase proof and the return label.
You can only return items within the same country the parcel was delivered. Stores in different countries will not be able to accept your returns.
On behalf of our clients, free standing stores will facilitate the return process by shipping parcels back to our warehouse. Upon arrival and acceptance of the returned parcel and merchandise a refund will be administered. Kindly note that returns are not possible in department stores or outlets locations.
*Exceptions apply: underwear, swimwear, earrings, personalised products.
You can return an item purchased in-store within 14 days of the date of purchase. Bottega Veneta accepts returns in the country of purchase in exchange for store credit under the following conditions:
1. You have proof of purchase
2. Your item(s) are returned unworn, in their original condition and with all tags attached including gift packaging. Full price products of all categories are accepted with the exception of fragrances, promotional sales, and customised products.
Unfortunately, items purchased in outlet stores cannot be returned in Bottega Veneta boutiques.
You can check your return status at any time in My Account .
You can exchange selected items* purchased on BottegaVeneta.com within 30 days of the delivery or pick up date. Exchanges are complimentary and our orders come with a prepaid return label. Please note that exchanges can only be done for the same item/price, but in a different size and/or color. Your new item will be shipped to the same delivery address selected for the initial order. It is possible to make a maximum of two exchanges for the same item. To process an exchange, please follow the instructions below: 1. Fill out the online exchange form by clicking on "Exchange" in the Order History section of your account. Once your request has been made, we invite you to return your order within 30 days. 2. Make sure your item(s) are returned unworn, in their original condition and with all tags attached, including any gift packaging. 3. Place the item(s) in the original packaging and shipping box, and attach the enclosed return shipping label over the initial delivery label. 4. Contact your carrier to arrange a pick-up at your convenience or drop off your return at one of our carriers' access points. 5. Your new item will be shipped once we receive your package. Once we receive the package, we will examine it to verify its condition. Please allow 5 to 7 working days (depending on peak times) for your return to be processed. Once your return has been accepted, you will be refunded and will receive a confirmation email. When the new item is shipped, a new transaction will be made on the original payment method. *Exceptions apply: underwear, swimwear, earrings, personalised products.
If you have lost your pre-paid return label, please contact our Customer Care and we will be happy to assist you.
For security reasons, we are unable to refund a different credit card than the one used for the purchase.
If you've forgotten your password, click on the "Forgot your password?" link on the Login page and follow the instructions to change it.
For further assistance, contact our Customer Care and we will be happy to assist you.
If you'd like to cancel your Account, please сontact our Customer Care .
If you do no longer wish to receive our Newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the Unsubscribe link featured at the bottom of every Newsletter. This will open a webpage where you can confirm that you want to unsubscribe.
Bottega Veneta offers you the possibility to make an appointment in a store of your choice. From the Store Locator on our website, choose which store you would like to visit and fill in the appointment request. You will be contacted back from a Client Advisor to confirm the time and date of your visit. This service is only available in selected stores.
Most products on bottegaveneta.com can be reserved in store depending on availability. You can reserve an item by clicking on the "Discover in store" button available on the product page and filling out the form, or by contacting our Customer Care . The reservation is not guaranteed and a Client Advisor will confirm the availbility shortly after the request is completed.
We offer a range of repair services for products purchased on bottegaveneta.com and in Bottega Veneta stores. All products are repaired by our expert artisans in order to ensure enduring quality. If you wish to have your product repaired, please visit a Bottega Veneta store or contact our Customer Care for further information. Not all repairs are possible, however we will do our best to fulfill your request. Please note that certain repair services could require an extra charge.
The Certificate of Craft is a complimentary care service offering the possibility of benefiting from reparation services. This service is only offered on a selection of bags. You will only be able to benefit from this service by placing your order with your registered Bottega Veneta account. Discover more here .
Women's Sandals
Shoes
Parco Flat Mule
Parco Mule
Riva Flat Mule
Riva Mule
12 of 83 products
Travel Bags
Odyssey Cabin Suitcase
Odyssey Intrecciato Cabin Suitcase
Jim Queen Duffle
Intrecciato Duffle
Getaway Weekender
Intrecciato Cabin Duffle
Large Intrecciato Duffle
Large Traveler
14 of 24 products
Women's Mini Bags
Concert Pouch Handle
Dustbag Handle
Andiamo Pouch
Andiamo Daisy Pouch
Intrecciato Concert Pouch
Concert Pouch
12 of 107 products
Women's Handle Bags
Basket
Knot Lock
Small Ciao Ciao
Ciao Ciao
Large Ciao Ciao
Women travel
Travel
Intrecciato Passport Case
Intrecciato Piccolo Passport Case
Intrecciato Tag Holder
Intrecciato Tag Holder On Strap
11 of 91 products
SHOES
Women
Women andiamo
Small Andiamo With Chain
Small Andiamo Chain
12 of 47 products
Fragrances category travel set
Colpo di Sole - Travel set
Alchemie - Travel set
Déjà Minuit - Travel set
Acqua Sale - Travel set
Come with Me - Travel set
Intrecciato Perfume Case
Showing 6 items
New shoes women
Riva Strap Sandal
Rosa Ballerina
Orbit Sneaker
Orbit Flash Sneaker
Astaire Loafer
James Lace-Up Shoe
12 of 92 products
Personalization Personalization
In case you need help, please contact our Customer Care . We will be glad to assist you.
SHOPPING BAG ( 0 )
Shop Women's New arrivals Shop Men's New arrivals
Now shipping to: United States
Customer Care
Welcome to Bottega Veneta's Customer Care.
We are available to assist you with your online order enquiries, or answer any questions you may have regarding our collections or services.
FAQ
You can find a list of answers to the most frequently asked questions in the FAQ section.
CALL US
Monday-Friday: 9am-9pm EST Saturday: 10am-7pm EST Sunday: 10am-7pm EST
LIVE CHAT
Monday-Friday: 9am-9pm EST Saturday: 10am-7pm EST
EMAIL
For urgent requests, please call
IN-STORE APPOINTMENT
The store will reply shortly
Contact Us
1.500 characters left
Attachments (.pdf, .png, .jpg max 1.5MB)
Women's New Bags
12 of 100 products
New clothing men
Wool And Cashmere Overshirt
Wool And Cashmere Pants
Compact Wool Sweater
Leather Blouson
Compact Wool Cardigan
Intrecciato Leather Shirt
Intrecciato Leather Pants
Raw Indigo Denim Jacket
Raw Indigo Straight Jeans
12 of 97 products
Fragrances category refill
Colpo di Sole - Refill
Alchemie - Refill
Déjà Minuit - Refill
Acqua Sale - Refill
Come with Me - Refill
Showing 5 items
Leather
Violet Flower Bouquet
Sunflower Bouquet
Intreccio Foulard Nest Basket
Intreccio Foulard Paperweight
Intrecciato Shoe Horn
12 of 54 products
Pre Fall 25
A collection that captures the spirit of ease and sophistication. Sculptural accessories and distinctive details bring form with an artistic sensibility, while delicate floral accents nod to the beauty of nature. The result is a wardrobe as evocative and evolving as the seasons.
Images: Photographers: Deo Suuvera Pamela Dimitrov Production: Untitled Project Videos: Photographers: Deo Suuvera Pamela Dimitrov Production: Untitled Project
Déjà Minuit - Eau de Parfum
Noce
Elevated on a base of Verde Saint Denis marble, this tailor-made, opulent Intrecciato of ingredients is housed in an organically shaped glass bottle inspired by the artisanal heritage of the Veneto region. OLFACTORY NOTES With notes of winter lemon, cinnamon and geranium, this scent evokes a captivating sophistication. • Top Note: Winter Lemon oil, Cardamom oil, Cinnamon oil • Heart Note: Jasmine "cœur de saison" absolute, Orange Flower absolute, Geranium oil • Base Note: Patchouli oil, Vanilla Bourbon extract, Vetiver oil CRAFTSMANSHIP • Using an innovative process inspired by the traditional Venetian glassblowing techniques, the bottle design recreates their distinctive mouth-blown air bubbles, giving each piece its unique qualities.
• Product code: 788842VV5709980
Men's Crossbody Bags
Intrecciato Vertical Wallace
Getaway Phone Pouch
Small Veneto
Veneto Sling
Veneto
12 of 88 products
Fragrances category parfum
Colpo di Sole - Eau de Parfum
Come with Me - Eau de Parfum
Acqua Sale - Eau de Parfum
The Ark - Summer 25 Lounge chair
Atelier Bottega Veneta Montebello Vicentino, Italy
"Striving for excellence with genuine passion is what distinguishes our community. Together we preserve our outstanding craft and continue to enrich it with creativity."
Established in Vicenza, Italy, in 1966, Bottega Veneta preserves an authentic connection to its founding principles of Labor et Ingenium, expressing craft and creativity.
We celebrate the uniqueness of every individual. "When your own initials are enough" is the motto that has defined us for over fifty years.
We lead with passion, energy and respect. Our mission is to offer a stimulating, caring work environment prioritising ethics and sustainable efforts.
We bring together distinctive talents who share a common purpose and taste for excellence and innovation.
Championing the best of every individual, we encourage self-initiative and innovative thinking.
Our community strives to bring unique products to life that last generations, instilling their passion in all that we do.
Each member contributes to the culture and heritage of Bottega Veneta.
4000 employees in more than 30 countries.
Over 126 nationalities.
56% of our executive positions are held by women.
Diverse perspectives allow us to thrive in a changing world.
People
Frassino
Elevated on a base of Verde Saint Denis marble, this tailor-made, opulent Intrecciato of ingredients is housed in an organically shaped glass bottle inspired by the artisanal heritage of the Veneto region. OLFACTORY NOTES With notes of black pepper, mandarin orris butter, this scent evokes an empowering dynamism. • Top Note: Juniper Berry oil, Black Pepper oil, Mandarin oil • Heart Note: Sea salt accord, Orris Butter, Osmanthus absolute, Galbanum oil • Base Note: Vetiver oil, Labdanum absolute, EcoMusk R CRAFTSMANSHIP • Using an innovative process inspired by the traditional Venetian glassblowing techniques, the bottle design recreates their distinctive mouth-blown air bubbles, giving each piece its unique qualities.
• Product code: 788732VV5709980
Fragrances
15 of 16 products
Women Campana
Showing 7 items
Women's new jewellery
Leather Bracelet
Knot Leather Bracelet
Intreccio Ring
Intreccio Necklace
Intreccio Bracelet
Rivet Earrings
Rivet Ring
Intreccio Cuff Bracelet
12 of 32 products
Men
Women eyewear
Eyewear
Dash Cat Eye Sunglasses
Dash Rectangular Sunglasses
Knot Cat Eye Sunglasses
Knot Aviator Sunglasses
Intrecciato Square Sunglasses
12 of 110 products
Women's New Clothing
Wool And Cashmere Cropped Jacket
Wool And Cashmere Skirt
Pinstripe Cotton Poplin Dress
Fleck Viscose Dress
Striped Cotton Poplin Shirt
Fleck Viscose Pants
Brown Denim Jacket
Brown Cargo Jeans
Fine Wool Shirt
Fine Wool Cargo Pants
Wool Cardigan
Leather Skirt
12 of 116 products
Large Parachute
12 of 22 products
GIFTS FOR HER DISCOVER SPECIAL PIECES THAT MAKE BOTTEGA VENETA CRAFT AND CREATIVITY ONE-OF-A-KIND.
Gifts for her
Certificate of Craft
East-West Andiamo
Patti Shoulder Bag
Cards are delivered with a unique leather card holder made from high-quality offcuts from the atelier in Montebello. The colour of the card holder is selected at random.
11 of 76 products
Women's Shopper Bags
Small Pinacoteca
Pinacoteca
12 of 48 products
SUMMER 25 FANZINE
The latest edition of the Bottega Veneta fanzine shares some of the creative process and inspirations behind the Summer 25 collection, as well as the Richard Scarry capsule collection.
TRUE TO THE SPIRIT OF WONDER, DISCOVERY, AND PLAY THAT ANIMATED THESE COLLECTIONS, THE FANZINE INCLUDES STICKERS, A COLOURING BOOK, ORIGINAL RECIPES FROM MATTY MATHESON, AND MUCH MORE.
LEGAL PAGES
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions of Use
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Pouf - Terms and Conditions
LC14 Tabouret Cabanon Terms & Conditions
Certificate of Craft Terms & Conditions
DO WE USE COOKIES OR OTHER ONLINE ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGIES?
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic data. We also share information on your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. You can read more about any of our purposes or the vendors that we use by clicking on ‘Cookie Settings.’ This preference centre is accessible at any time through the ‘Cookie Settings’ button located on every page.
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information using your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be personal information about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
At any time you have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies using the on/off settings of the preference centre, by clicking on the button below:
Cookie Settings
A. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to place on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and are called first party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain other than that of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing initiatives.
B. Why do we use cookie?
Cookies are used for various purposes, such as allowing the user to navigate between pages seamlessly, implementing the user’s preferences and improving their overall browsing experience, by customising the website according to their navigation and user profile as a Bottega Veneta Srl customer. They can also help ensure that the adverts seen online by the user are more relevant to them and their interests.
C. What types of cookie do we use?
Our website uses several types of cookie which have different durations. In particular we use:
- Session cookies, which only last for the duration of a browsing session and facilitate your experience on our website; and
- Persistent cookies, which last for more than one visit and memorise your preferred settings regarding our website.
These cookies can also be categorised as follows, depending on who sets them on our website:
- First party cookies, which are supplied by the publisher of the website you are visiting, so that it functions properly.
- Third party cookies, which are set on the website by third parties, and are intended to collect data in different ways and for several purposes, for example: collection of analytics data and information on social interactions and behaviours, and also for promotional activities.
D. What categories of cookie are on our website?
The types of cookie used on our website serve different purposes and can fall into one of the categories below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance & analytics cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and determine traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to find out which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information that these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Functionality cookies
These cookies enable the personalisation of website content by recognising users and remembering their preferences. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly.
Profiling and targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a Bottega Veneta Srl profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not directly store personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site and which enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build a profile based on your interests. This may influence the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
E. Do we share data collected through cookies?
We may collect information on our website through cookies and share it with third parties such as social networks or advertising platforms, as well as other companies within Kering, advertising agencies/providers and IT providers (e.g. hosting providers), with your consent where required.
F. How to customise your cookie settings
At any time you have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies using the on/off settings of the preference centre, by clicking on the ‘Cookie Settings’ button located on every page:
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and to change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may affect your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
If you use multiple browsers (e.g. Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, etc.), you must repeat this procedure for each one, and if you connect to the web from multiple devices (e.g. from work and at home), then you will need to set your preferences on each browser on each device.
Please note that if you completely disable cookies from the browser, some of our website functionalities might be lost, for example, normal browsing of the site and purchasing activity, while any personalised activity such as the advertising you receive when you visit this website will not be tailored to your interests.
For more information on third-party cookies (e.g. advertising or targeting cookies) and how to disable them directly from the browser instead of our preference centre, we invite you to read the relevant privacy policy and opt-out guidelines which can be found here: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
G. How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or how we handle your data, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer by sending an email to privacy@bottegaveneta.com or by completing the form available here (or see How can you contact us? ).
H. More information
We invite you to read our privacy policy for full details of how we process your personal information.
I. List of cookies
CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: March 2023
1. WHAT IS COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND DO OTHER POLICIES APPLY TO YOU?
2. WHAT SPECIFIC TERMS APPLY TO YOU DEPENDING ON YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE?
3. WHO COLLECTS & USES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
6. WHEN DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
7. HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
8. WHO ARE OUR THIRD-PARTY SOURCES?
9. SHOULD YOU ALWAYS SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH US?
10. FOR HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
11. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
12. WHERE DO WE TRANSFER & STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
13. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
14. HOW DO WE ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN?
15. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
16. CAN THE PRIVACY POLICY CHANGE?
17. DO WE USE COOKIES OR OTHER ONLINE ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGIES?
18. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
APPENDIX 1 - Specific information for Australian residents ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
APPENDIX 2 - Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, SAUDI ARABIA, Mexico, Chile, South Korea OR AZERBAIJAN about the use of your personal information
APPENDIX 3 - Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents
Appendix 4 – Specific information for Californian residents
This privacy policy covers situations where we, Bottega Veneta , access, collect, store, process, use, disclose or transfer your personal information in paper or electronic form. It also covers situations where approved partners or other members of Kering use your personal information on our behalf.
In some cases, other policies apply to you. It may be the case when you use certain products or services, and in this event:
You will be notified of these other policies while using the products or services they apply to.
Such policies will supersede this privacy policy unless they expressly refer to it.
This privacy policy does not cover products or services you might use as provided by other companies acting on their own account.
Our privacy policy does not extend to services provided by other companies acting on their own account , such as franchisees and licensees or when you share information through social media (WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, T witter, Instagram , etc.), or other online platforms owned and managed by other companies. These other companies have their own privacy policies in place , so remember that the way they use any personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Want to know more? You may be interested in the following sections of our Privacy Policy:
Who collects & uses your personal information?
With whom do we share your personal information?
What are your rights regarding your personal information?
The protection of your personal information is an essential part of our activities. In order to provide you with a personalized experience, we will apply the data protection laws of your country of residence. This approach would also be consistent with consumer laws of the country of your habitual residence, and would hence allow us to better meet your expectations regarding the protection of your personal information.
If you are a resident of any of the following countries/regions, please make sure that you refer to the Annex containing specific information for your jurisdiction:
If you are an Australian resident, please refer to Appendix 1 - Specific information for Australian residents about the use of your personal information to obtain information about the reasons for which we may process your personal information;
If you are a resident of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Chile, South Korea or Azerbaijan, please refer to Appendix 2 - Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Chile, South Korea or Azerbaijan about the use of your personal information to obtain information about the reasons for which we may process your personal information and the legal bases we may use;
If you are a resident of the United States or Guam, please refer to Appendix 3 - Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents to obtain information about how and when we may use your phone number to send you messages;
If you are a Californian resident, please refer to Appendix 4 – Specific information for Californian residents to obtain information about the categories of personal information we may use, the sale of your personal information and your rights over your personal information.
We, Bottega Veneta SRL, act as the “data controller”, which means that we determine “why” and “how” your personal information is collected and used. We are an Italian corporation, located in 1 Località Conti Maltraverso, 36054 Montebello Vicentino, ITALY and registered under number 01824610248 with the company registry of Vicenza.
To be able to deliver our products and services to you, we need to share your personal information with approved partners or other members of Kering who generally act as our "data processors". All are bound by an obligation to implement appropriate security measures to protect personal information in their possession and are bound by a strict confidentiality agreement and specific contractual terms on "how" and "when" they are allowed to use your personal information on our behalf.
Please be aware that certain approved partners, such as our franchisees and licensees or social media, could also determine "why" and "how" your personal information is used. They have their own privacy and cookies policies, so remember that the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Your local legislation may not refer to the terms " data controller " or " data processor " , but respectively t o terms such as " data user " , " owner " , " business " , " responsible party " , etc., and as " data intermediary " , " operator " , etc . In order to understand our role, please note that w e, Bottega Veneta , are the entity who decides on the methods and purposes of the processing of your personal information by determining " why " and " how " your personal information is collected and used . Our " data processors " are entities who use your personal information on our behalf by receiving instructions from us on " how " and " when " they are allowed to use it .
Why do we collect your personal information?
How do we collect your personal information?
Bottega Veneta will collect, record, hold, organize, structure, store, update, adapt, combine, consult, use, transfer and disclose your personal information for the purposes described in this section. Your personal information will not be further used for purposes incompatible or inconsistent with the purposes for which it was collected, unless permitted by the applicable legislation.
The processing of your personal information will comply with your privacy legislation and rely on the legal bases set out in this section. The legal bases listed in this section will also apply when we share your data with third parties (as listed in the section With whom do we share your personal information? ) for the purposes mentioned below.
If you would like more information on the purposes and legal bases, you can contact us at privacy@bottegaveneta.com (or see How can you contact us? ).
The processing of your personal information will rely on the legal bases set out below, unless you are a resident of one of the follo wing countries:
If you are an Australian resident, please jump to Appendix 1 - Specific information for Australian residents about the use of your personal information .
If you are a resident of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Mexico, Chile , Saudi Arabia, South Korea or Azerbaijan, please jump to Appendix 2 - Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Mexico, Chile, Saudi Arabia, South Korea or Azerbaijan about the use of your personal information .
To provide you with the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested
We will use your personal information to manage our relationship with you and to perform our obligations under the contract you conclude with us when you purchase or otherwise request products or services from us. This can cover various activities such as internal accounting, processing your payment or delivery.
To provide you with the products and services you have requested, we will access, collect, store , process, use , disclose and transfer your personal information for invoicing, payment management and internal accounting .
Some of the operations mentioned above can be implemented by partners of ours as identified in section "With whom do we share your personal information?" below, in particular the registration, payment and delivery of your order. Your information may be communicated, used or collected directly via the information system of our partner.
Certain specific information may be required to provide you with gift cards, customization services, or when you reserve a product or a service, request the repair of a product, or purchase products or services by phone, or on our website or a marketplace. In such cases, we could access, collect, store and use your personal information for delivery, warehouse and return management.
During your visit to our store, we may need to collect your information in order to allow you to access our premises or when you wish to obtain a particular service: request for tax on products or in connection with our after-sales service, etc.
The purposes for which we process your personal information are as follows:
The processing of your personal information is justified on the following legal basis:
Providing you with the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested either in our stores or online.
This involves any action necessary to perform our obligations under the sale or service contract you conclude with us (processing of your payment, delivery, return management, etc.)
Performance of a contract
To manage your Bottega Veneta profile.
Once you have requested us to create your Bottega Veneta profile, via Bottega Veneta websites or any other means, including our customer service, your personal information will be linked to this profile, where we will keep all the information we have on you. This could include personal information we obtain directly from you as well as from other sources in accordance with applicable legislation. This could also include information about the purchases made when checking out as a guest or when checking out using a profile. The information in your Bottega Veneta profile is crucial to provide you with the Bottega Veneta personalized and tailored experience, and in some cases is necessary in order to access to some specific services or to purchase from our website, and thus it needs to be kept up to date for the best experience.
Once you have asked us to create your Bottega Veneta profile, we will supplement it with personal information such as your purchases, preferences and contact details. In this context, please be aware that we use personal identification information , such as your email address or phone number, to link an interaction or a purchase with your Bottega Veneta profile. This also applies when checking-out as a guest on our website when making a purchase , as mentioned above , or in case you bind your social media open ID account with your Bottega Veneta profile ( by using dedicated QR Codes for example) . In addition, we may use your date of birth to determine that you are old enough to use our services.
In order to keep your personal information accurate, we will take every reasonable step to ensure that personal information we hold is properly updated. Subject to your applicable privacy legislation you may have the right to have your information rectified at any time, and in any event please let us know if any of your information needs updating or correcting, and we will make our best efforts to detect and correct inaccurate personal information (data cleansing) and delete any duplicated dataset. This may require us to correct typographical errors or inconsistent personal information.
Administering, managing and maintaining your Bottega Veneta profile once you have requested us to create it.
This could include data cleansing and deduplication.
or our legitimate interest (where applicable)
Once your profile has been created upon your request, to supplement it with the personal information you provide us during our interactions and thus ensure we retain the most accurate and up-to-date version of your profile (and such legitimate interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
To provide you with tailored customer service and assistance.
You should have the same unified experience no matter how we communicate. Whether this happens in our stores, on our website, by chat, by phone or by video, and whether you contact us or we contact you, we want to provide you with relevant and tailored customer service.
For this purpose of providing you the Bottega Veneta experience, we will collect, store, process, use, disclose and transfer your personal information and other information you submit to us to be able to identify you, to provide service to you, or to improve our products or services. This will allow us to provide you with the tailored assistance you are asking for or to share relevant information with you. In addition, when you contact us, we may retain the personal information or other information you share with us to always provide you with such a customised and personalised experience. This could happen if you are an existing or potential customer. Your personal information will be linked to your Bottega Veneta profile, if you have requested us to create one, or to a temporary record. Any messages you send us in any chat may be recorded or monitored for customer service or other reasons.
To provide you with a smooth and enjoyable customer experience, know you better to provide you with tailored answers, and to improve the quality and security of our services, we may rely on your consent, proceed in accordance with our contract with you, or take all reasonable steps to enter into a contract with you, or rely on our legitimate interest to improve our services.
We will use the information we have about you to try to identify you when you contact us ( whether by p hone, video chat, text message , chat, social media, etc.). When we can identify you, we will be able to access personal information available in your Bottega Veneta profile or in your temporary record , to know when you have previously interacted with us and to provide you with the tailored assistance you are asking for . This could include real-time or subsequent monitoring of your interaction with us (for example on our website or in a store) to identify the products you are looking at or what could be your specific need .
To provide you with adequate customer service , you may be asked if you need further assistance when you are on our website or in a store. On our website, if you do not want to be contacted, kindly close the chat navigation window. This service was implemented for you to enjoy the same service as in one of our physical stores.
If we are not able to identify you, we may create a temporary record to allow you to have a unified purchase experience. Indeed, however you interact with us, we will do our best to avoid asking you again for information you have already shared with us.
Your personal information, in particular your Bottega Veneta profile if you have created one or the temporary record we may create about you, could enable our sales associates to contact you directly in relation to the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested, such as when a product becomes available again or when an order you have placed has been received in store, or to share with you any other information you have requested from us.
Your use of our websites may be recorded or monitored using "session replay" which allows us to see how you interact with our website, including your mouse movements, key strokes, or other interactions. This allows us to provide better customer service to you and to improve the quality of our products and services.
In addition, the monitoring of our interaction (including , with prior notice to you, via voice or video recording - such as real time listening o r analysis - or listening in real time ) enables us to improve the quality and safety of our services and to provide you with tailored answers.
All our customers are important to us. However, some of our customers and potential customers benefit from a more personalized experience due to the important relationship they keep with Bottega Veneta . Our teams may need to collect and gather information on such customers or potential customers in order to identify personalities who correspond to the image and values of Bottega Veneta to offer them unique support. This may be the case when you participate in one of our selective projects or when our Sales Associates offers you to participate in events or contacts you for certain special occasions (for your birthdays or for a particular event of your life).
Administering, managing and maintaining your Bottega Veneta profile
This will be done if you have requested us to create your Bottega Veneta profile and if we are able to i dentify you. We will supplement your Bottega Veneta profile with the personal information you provide us with when you contact us or when we contact you . This could include data cleansing and deduplication.
Administering, managing and maintaining a temporary record
This will be done if we are not able to identify you. We will supplement this temporary record with information you provide us with when you contact us or when we contact you, to avoid asking you again for information you have already shared with us and provide with you tailored assistance about our products and services .
Taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
When we are not able to identify you, to supplement a temporary record to provide you tailored assistance (and such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Inbound interaction – Providing you with the products, services or information you may request when you contact us
Performance of a contract or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
Outbound interaction - Contacting you directly in connection with the products, services and information you have requested
To provide you with an adequate answer when our interaction is not related to the formation or performance of a contract (and such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Realtime interaction – To allow you to try on our products virtually or interact with other customers
When we collect information to provide you with relevant assistance about our products or services
Our legitimate interest t o provide you with tailored assistance when we are not able to identify you (and when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Or your consent if your facial image is pictured or if your personal information is visible to other customers
Real-time or further monitoring of our interaction , to enable us to improve the quality and safety of our service and provide you with better answers.
This monitoring could be implemented during both inbound and outbound interactions and could be carried out via voice or video recording or listening in real time, with prior notice to you .
Our legitimate interest
When we collect information to improve the quality and safety of our service (and when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Or your consent to cookies
when such monitoring is done on our website via cookies or other online advertising technologies
To enable you to receive relevant information and tailored marketing content.
You will receive information and updates about us either at your request (with your prior consent where required by law) or when we are authorised by law to send you such information and updates directly, for instance after a purchase. Such communication can be global or local, and may include updates about our products and services, notifications, invitations to events, offers, surveys, etc.]
Our communications will be customised and specifically designed to be of interest to you and will be updated with any new personal information linked to your Bottega Veneta profile. We will thus use your personal information to send you tailored communications or other customised advertisements or marketing campaigns. This use of your information includes some profiling activity.
If you are a resident of the United States or Guam, please also see Appendix 3 - Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents for more information about how and when we may use your phone number to send you messages.
When you share your contact information with us, we may use this personal information to contact you through related communication channels (such as text message, MMS, e-mail, post, internet means, social media or telephone), with your consent where required. You can of course request us not to use a particular channel of communication or opt-out (unsubscribe) from it by applying the opt-out option that will always be shared with you. If you want to stop receiving communication from us via all communication channels, please send an email to privacy@bottegaveneta.com .
As part of the Bottega Veneta experience , w e will always try to customi s e and personali s e your experience with us . This is why w e will use your personal information to send you tailored communication s or personalise your journey with us , but only with your prior consent where it is required under applicable privacy legislation . Our communication s could include tailored product recommendations we think you might like, personali s ed marketing content designed to suit your interests, personali s ed events invitations or, at your request and where available, personali s ed and customi s ed products. For th e s e purpose s , we will use the information you provide to us (for example your date of birth, your country of residence, your preferred means of contact, etc.) and/or jointly or independently, certain patterns we may observe when interacting with you (for example where you prefer buying our products, what type of products you like, which occasions you are shopping for, etc.). With this information, we may create groups of similar customers (called "persona") to whom we can decide to offer personalised content and experiences both in inbound or outbound interactions. In this context, we may make inferences about you, as derived from your personal information (profiling). For example, if you always purchase our products from the same store (specific location or online), we may consider this store as your preferred one. This will allow us to customise your experience with Bottega Veneta based on your interests and shopping habits (i.e. tailored communication). In order to provide you with such customised and personalised experience, in our stores or online, you may be required to log in or identify yourself.
To enrich your personal information, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies . Via such technologies, we will collect personal information related to your activities on social media and your browsing activity across different websites and devices (for example: to know if you have visited our website after opening a newsletter you have received). Certain technologies may rely on services provided by other companies acting on their own account (such as social media WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or other online platforms ). These companies have their own privacy and cookies policies and the way they use the personal information you share with them will be subject to their rules and not ours .
To enrich your personal informatio n , we can match it with personal information held by others (for example, by sharing and matching your information with information held by trusted partners , or by binding your social media open ID account with your Bottega Veneta profile (by us ing the dedicated QR Codes for example ). This process will only be conducted by using c ustomer s ' unique identifiers and reidentification protocols in order to protect the confidentiality of your personal information .
Personal information linked to your Bottega Veneta profile (your identification personal information such as your e-mail address, phone number, social network id, etc.) will enable us to reach you on third-party platforms or to create " lookalike campaigns", allowing us to find new people who are likely to be interested in our products because they may be similar to you. We may conduct such campaigns through our website, social media or other communication means such as search engine. When this kind of campaigns are conducted, before it is shared, your personal information is hashed and turned into short fingerprints that cannot be reversed.
Using cookies or other online advertising technologies may also enable us to show you online advertisements that are "contextual" (meaning they are shown according to the webpage you are browsing), or "behavioural" or "interest based" (where advertisements are shown to you based on your interests which we have inferred from your information including demographic, geographic and interest-based data). We may use such advertisements to display products or services that are most relevant to you.
If you no longer want to see customised online advertisements, you may request us to delete your Bottega Veneta profile or modify your cookie preferences – see " cookies or other online advertising technologies ". In addition, some third-party sites allow you to stop seeing advertisements from specific advertisers, so you may also set your preferences on those websites.
The purposes for which we process your personal information are the following:
The processing of your personal information is justified by the following legal basis:
Sending or presenting you with tailored communication
This includes communication such as updates about our products and services, invitations to events, offers or surveys.
When you share your contact information with us, we will use such personal information to contact you through related communication channels (such as text message, MMS, e-mail, post, internet, social media or telephone).
We will always d o our best to provide you with tailored communication based in particular on your interests and shopping habits , and improve and customise our services notably via profiling.
When we are authorised by law to send you such communication without your consent and such communication is within the scope of our contractual relationship
Our legitimate interest in providing you with customised content
When such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights and we are authorised by law to send you such communication without your consent
Your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile
You can always withdraw your consent at any time
Updating and supplementing or enriching your personal information
This includes conducting data cleansing and deduplication.
This also includes e nrich ing your personal information with second party data or information related to your activities on social media and your browsing activity across different websites and devices.
Some of the technologies we use (including cookies) may rely on services provided by other companies acting on their own account (such as social media - WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, T witter, Instagram or other online platforms ). You may have provided your consent to cookies and other technologies through such platforms. These other companies have their own privacy and cookies policies and the way they use your personal information will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Performance of a contract or compliance with a legal obligation
When such update relates to the administration and management of your Bottega Veneta profile, including taking actions following a rectification or erasure request.
Any other situation will require your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile
You can always withdraw your consent with us at any time
Creating lookalike campaigns
Lookalike campaigns enables us to reach new people who are likely to be interested in our products because they are similar to you.
Some of the technologies we use (including cookies) may rely on services provided by other companies acting on their account (such as social media - WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, T witter, Instagram or other online platforms ). You may have provided your consent to cookies and other technologies through such platforms. These other companies have their own privacy and cookies policies and the way they use your personal information will be subject to their rules and not ours .
Your consent when you accept, at the creation of your Bottega Veneta profile, that we l ink your personal information to certain patterns ( Profiling ) (for example by accepting to receive tailored communication ) .
You can always withdraw your consent with us at any time.
Online advertisement
Present ing you with online advertisement s that are " contextual ", "behavioural", "interest- based" or "tailored", including by using cookies or other online advertising technologies
Your consent to cookies or other online advertising technologies
To send you non-marketing communications.
Non-marketing communications may be sent upon your request, and/or may be important for your safety and the security of your personal information.
You may still receive such communications even when you opt-out from certain marketing communications. The information communicated may be necessary for the correct performance of our contract with you or be mandatory to comply with some of our legal obligations.
Non-marketing communications can include, but are not limited to : emailing you to verify your identity when you sign up to our services ; emailing you for password and/or username reset ; notifying you that a particular service has been or will be suspended for maintenance or terminated ; notifying you of an upgrade , a rectification or an incident affecting our services that may involve your personal information ; notifying you of an update to our p rivacy p olicy or Terms of Use ; or informing you about any products or services you have requested or purchased.
We will never contact you to ask for your password . Please be aware if you receive any request for this personal information.
Providing you with the services and information you requested . For example identity verification, password or username reset, etc.
Providing you with the services and information we need to send or provide you . For example information about the suspension of our services, about incidents that may involve your personal information, etc.
Administering and managing your Bottega Veneta profile once you have requested us to create your Bottega Veneta profile .
To manage our social networks
Bottega Veneta manages "Fan" pages available on several social networks. We may need to process the information made available by the different platforms or when you interact with our pages and publications.
When, as a user of a social media , you decide to interact with our social media pages (e . g . when you follow one of our pages, when you click "Like" on Facebook or "Follow" on Instagram or add a reaction to a post, when you "share" or add a "comment", etc.), we have access to public information in your profile. Your information is used for the purpose of interacting with you through the social network in question or to establish analyzes or statistics on the use of our pages or on the performance of our communications. Our services may remove your comments if they do not comply with our policies on the use of social networks (e . g . if your comments are insulting, illegal or malicious).
When you visit our "Fan" page, when you do not have an account or are not logged in to the relevant social network, we do not collect any personal information about you, except for the aggregated data provided to us by each social network .
Promote Bottega Veneta 's activities on social networks.
Performance of a contract, when you interact with us via the features proposed by the social network
Or
Our legitimate interests in communicating on our activities
When such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights.
Analyze the habits of users who visit our "Fan" pages or share our content.
To conduct our business securely and protect our activities and personnel.
To deliver our products and services safely to you, perform our contract properly or comply with some of our legal obligations, we will implement fraud prevention and detection measures. Such measures will allow us to adequately perform our contract with you and/or protect our legitimate interests in defending ourselves against fraud. We may notably implement measures to ensure that you are complying with our terms and conditions for sales, available in this website, offers and programs, and to prevent and detect non-compliance or fraud by you. This may include reviewing and assessing your dealings with us, your eligibility to participate in certain sales, offers and programs, your compliance with the terms and conditions of such sales, offers and programs, and undertaking enforcement action and/or disciplinary action where such non-compliance or fraud is suspected or identified.
We may use administrative and technical measures to protect, our website, our systems, our networks, transactions occurring on our website or in our stores, and any other necessary means to protect the personal information we may access or store. For this purpose, we may also be required to verify your identity or to take note of any suspicious or actual non-compliance with our terms and conditions or fraud we incurred with respect to your dealings with us . Such measures may also be implemented for compliance purposes or to avoid sharing your personal information with any untrusted third part ie s. For example, when you purchase a product, your personal information will be associated with a unique code placed into and/or printed on such product so that by reading the unique code we can recognize the order as yours, to enable us to assess your compliance with our terms and conditions or to detect fraud by you, and to take enforcement and/or disciplinary action against you in the event of suspected or identified non-compliance or fraud by you .
In addition, we may implement certain measures to protect and defend our rights and property, our employees and our business partners in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and international conventions. For example , we can monitor our inbound and outbound interaction with our customer service (including via voice or video recording or listening in real-time , with prior notice to you); also, mindful of the health of our employees, and for this sole purpose, we implement an anti-malicious calls procedure so that a ny occurrence of inappropriate behaviors such as harassment, insults or direct threats from users will be reported to our dedicated team. This will generate a warning to the concerned user, and they will be recorded on our provisional list. The initial warning will set out the consequences of a second incident occurring. A second incident will lead to the suspension of any further calls from the user in question for a period of 4 months. During this period, the user will still be able to contact our customer services by other communication channels (e.g., regular mail or email) so we can attend their queries and preserve their rights at any given time.
Implementing fraud prevention, detection and investigation measures and procedures against inappropriate behaviors against our employees to ensure physical security and cybersecurity , to safely deliver you products and services and to protect the health of our employees , also via voice or video recording or listening in real time both inbound and outbound conversations with our customer service , with prior notice to you .
or our legitimate interests in protecting ourselves against fraud and in protecting our employees against inappropriate behaviors (when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
In accordance with applicable law, implementing compliance-related and privacy-related activities
Compliance with a legal obligation
Where the processing is not prescribed by law but is a regulatory expectation (and such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
In accordance with applicable law, implementing activities related to the protection of intellectual property rights and management of litigation cases
or our legitimate interests in protecting our rights (when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
or the regular exercise of our rights in lawsuits or proceedings, where applicable in your country of residence
To assess and better understand our business.
To manage our activities, perform our obligations under our contract with you and comply with our legal obligations, we may need to access and use some of your personal information for finance, management or legal purposes, or business-related analytics & market research activities.
For example, this could occur when we use the invoices we have issued in relation to your purchases for compliance or accountability purposes, or when we analyse personal information to understand the characteristics of our customers (what is the gender proportion, the average age etc.).
In certain limited circumstances, such activity may be based on our legitimate interest when related to business analytics & market research activities
Certain activities which are required when conducting a business may involve the use of your personal information . This could include internal processes (such as finance control, accounting, stock management, production management, internal or external audit), certain legal obligations (for example, record -keeping or tax declaration ), or analyses conducted in case of a merger or acquisition.
We may also conduct various business-related analytics & market research activities, which may require us to access or otherwise use some of your personal information, or to send you surveys or customer satisfaction questions in order to gather new or additional information. This notably enables us to analyse and learn how our customers use and interact with us in order to improve products, services and our business in general. It is also important for us to conduct operations that allow us to analyze and measure the performance of our marketing or communications campaigns. This may be the case, for example, when you click on one of our ads on our business partners website or when you make a purchase after viewing one of their ads. Please be aware that to do this, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies .
Performing activities relating to the sale or service contract you have concluded with us.
For example, accounting, stock management, keeping of records, etc.
Conducting business-related analytics & market research activities
Our legitimate interests in improving our products or services
Your consent, when you answer surveys or customer satisfaction questions or when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies .
Sharing necessary information with actual or potential buyers as part of a business transfer
Our legitimate interest in disclosing information necessary to complete our business transactions
Sharing necessary information with auditors, law firms, similar corporate professional service providers and data analysis providers
Or our legitimate interest of properly carrying out our business including in compliance with applicable legislation and to better understand and improve our business ( when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
To optimise and manage our website and other means of communication.
We may take certain measures involving the use of your personal information to administer, optimise and improve our means of digital or physical communications such as our website, our mobile application, or face-to-face interaction in our stores.
The use of your personal information will allow us to perform our contractual obligations or improve our services in accordance with our legitimate interest. Of course, when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies requiring us to do so, we will always ensure that we have duly obtained your prior consent.
We may use some of your personal information to administer, optimise and improve our websites, our applications, our content and our other digital offerings, including the services and products offered through our websites, applications or any other digital means of communication to ensure the most user-friendly online navigation experience. We may use such personal information to fix operational problems such as pages crashing and software bugs. Please be aware that to do this, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies.
Fixing operational problems such as pages crashing and software bugs
Performance of a contract in accordance with the applicable Terms of Use of our services
Your consent to cookies, when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies
You can always withdraw your consent at any time.
Or our legitimate interests when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies for which consent is not required under applicable law
When such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights
Understanding how our means of communication are used and administer, optimise and improve them.
This can include auditing the downloading of personal information from the Website.
Or our legitimate interests to administer and improve our means of communication and other systems, in particular when using cookies or other online advertising technologies for which consent is not required under applicable law
When our legitimate interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights
When you interact with us or our approved partners, you may provide us with the following categories of personal information (that may include sensitive information in accordance with applicable legislation).
If you are a Californian resident, please see the section "What personal information do we collect?" in Appendix 4 – Specific information for Californian residents .
Identifiers & Bottega Veneta profile information
This set of personal information enables us to identify you, manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide you with customer service and assistance and, in some cases, to contact you, including by sending you relevant information and tailored marketing content on the ground of the legal bases set out in this privacy policy.
The list below is provided to give you an overview of the type of information we may collect. However, the collection of this information is not systematic: only the information necessary to fulfill each purpose will be collected and used .
It could include , when your a pplicable p rivacy l egislation allows us to collect such personal information , your first name, last name, pseudonym, signature , email address, postal address, date of birth, place of bi r th, login name , phone number, unique personal identifier, customer number, online identifier, social media account s (and related information collected through social log-in) , gender, country of residence, image (in case of videocall with our sale assistants), lifestyle/interests, Internet Protocol (IP) address, account name, social security number, state identification card, driver ' s license number, passport number, nationality, or other similar identifiers, physical characteristics or description (for example characteristics such as your size where relevant to the products and services we would offer you), and certain personal financial information.
We will take steps to minimise information that is collected to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed . In some cases, the creation of your Bottega Veneta profile will be mandatory in order to access to some specific services or to purchase from our website.
In some countries, some personal i nformation could be considered sensitive, special or protected. We will collect and use such information only where no other option is available , and always comply with the applicable p rivacy legislation to collect, protect and use safely your p ersonal i nformation ( in particular, by seek ing your consent where required ) .
If you are an employee of a Kering entity, we may process certain information regarding your employment, and we invite you to refer to the employee privacy policy that has been made available to you.
Transaction information & commercial information (including audio)
This set of personal information enables us to provide you with the products and services you have requested, manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide you with relevant customer service and assistance, secure our communications and to manage and better understand our business.
It could include personal information on the products and services you purchase, obtain or consider, their price, size, collection, when the product was bought, if it was returned, product defects , comments you made on the product or the service we have provided to you, purchasing and consum er histories or t rends , etc. This could also include personal financial information relating to how you paid for your products or your bank detail s when you request a refund , or audio recording s (and their transcript) when you contact our customer service . We will take steps to minimise information that is collected to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed.
Bottega Veneta may also have included unique codes or small devices (such as RFID or NFC tags) in the products you have purchased , for fraud prevention purposes (in particular to manage the supply chain s , identify unauthorized sales or other cases of fraud or non-compliance with our terms and conditions of sale, and be able to confirm the authenticity of the products) and to provide you with information you may request about the products (including about their authenticity and how to take care of them). Following your interaction with such technologies, you may create a Bottega Veneta profile (if you do not already have one ) , in which case we could collect some of your personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Some personal information (including the reference number of the devices contained in the products you have purchased) will be linked to your Bottega Veneta profile when you identify yourself in the store s , through customer services or on our website . In addition, when contacting our customer service , we may record your conversation with prior notice to you .
Under certain a pplicable p rivacy l egislation, particular transaction and commercial details are considered sensitive . W e will collect , store and use such personal information with the highest level of care in accordance with the applicable legislation and with your consent where required .
Personal life information and inferences
This set of personal information enables us to always offer you the optimum service by understanding you better. We use it to manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide you with relevant customer service and assistance and also, in certain circumstances, to contact you for example by sending you relevant information, updates and tailored marketing content.
It could include your preference s regarding fashion events, how you have used certain products, food allergies when you explicitly choose to share th is information with us, personal information regarding your relationships , including about your family members , your friends, or the people you send invitations to, for example if you indicate to us that you will offer them a gift or if you invite them to join a Bottega Veneta program (if you have obtained their consent to share such information with us, where this is required by applicable law) , your life habits, how you use our website or third-party websites such as social media , your answers to our surveys or any other personal information we may collect when it is directly or indirectly linked to you. We may draw inferences from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you , reflecting your preferences, characteristics, trends, predispositions , aptitudes and attitudes .
Under certain a pplicable p rivacy l egislation, some p ersonal life information is considered sensitive. In this context, w e will collect, store and use such personal information only where no other option is available and with the highest level of care in compliance with the applicable p rivacy legislation (including with your consent where required ) .
User-generated content
This set of personal information enables you to provide us with personal information relating to you or to third parties. In certain circumstances it enables us to contact you.
It could include p ictures of you (including the picture (s) tak en with virtual try-on) or other individuals, or any other type of content such as texts, feedbacks, opinions, personal information regarding other individuals you may provide us with (for example when participating in a contest or sharing personal information with our s ales a ssociates or through social media ), " tagging " or " liking " our social media page or any content published by us , or any personal information you may provide in the public domain . You may remove such content at any time if you no longer want us to use it.
You shall avoid sharing third-party personal information through such means or you should ensure that they have given prior authori s ation to such sharing.
Technical, electronic & localisation information
This set of personal information enables better delivery of the service you expect from us.
It could include personal information related to your interactions with us and allows us to manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide relevant customer service and tailored marketing content, establish communications and conduct our business securely, assess and better understand our business, and optimise and manage our website and other means of communication.
This could happen in a store ( e.g. when a purchase is made in a specific store and then linked to a Bottega Veneta profile ), or when contacting our customer service s ( w hy do you contact us ? w hat means have you used?) or when using our website ( d o you use tablets, phones , computers? w hat use are you making of our website ?).
Some personal information will be shared with us automatically from the device or the service provider you are using ( e.g. social media ). We can collect personal information shared by your device such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers (device identifier), browser type, time zone settings, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) ; o nline a ctivi t y (such as your i nternet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements ) and other technical personal information or personal information shared by the service provider. Such service provider s ha ve their own privacy and cookies policies, so remember that the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
In addition, we may be able to collect personal information on how you have interacted with us, including certain personal navigation information (including the pages accessed and links clicked, bugs and errors, browsing patterns) and your preference s (such as your language preference).
Some of this personal information may be collected using cookies or other online advertising technologies .
When you interact with us, either online or in person, you may share with us your personal information when:
You buy a product or subscribe to a service;
You create a Bottega Veneta profile, join our loyalty scheme, participate in a contest, join a reward program or link your social media account to your Bottega Veneta profile;
You subscribe to our newsletter;
You interact with us or seek advice and share personal information through our websites, our social media pages, our sales associates in a store or via chat, phone or video calls, at a trade show, at events or through our customer services also through phone calls, or you book an appointment via our website;
You use your device to browse activity across different websites;
A personal shopper, or any other agent acting on your behalf interacts with us in particular to buy a product or subscribe to a service for you;
Your information is shared with us by our approved partners, with your prior consent where required.
What personal information do we collect?
What personal information do we collect from third-party sources?
We mainly obtain information directly from you and process them by automated means when you interact with us. When you interact with us, either online or in person, we collect your personal information through:
Our sales associates (in stores or via chat, phone or video call) or our customer services (for example by phone or chat) when you share personal information with us;
Our websites or our applications, whether you are registered or not, by completing surveys, registration processes or forms. We may also use cookies or other online advertising technologies for this purpose;
Any means we make available to you - for example, when you buy a product, we may collect certain personal information relating to your payment such as the purchase price and date and product reference (we do not keep any of your personal banking information for longer than necessary to complete the transaction);
From third-party sources such as social media.
More broadly, we collect your personal information through any mean s you may use to interact with our sales associate s, whether in our stores or through our customer service s via phone, email, chat or text message . Our sales associate s or customer service s may use various means to collect your personal information during or after the interaction.
In addition, w e may obtain personal information from services provided by other companies to update or supplement your personal information , for example when you link your social media profile with your Bottega Veneta profile . These companies have their own privacy and cookies policies in place, so remember that the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Who are our third-party sources?
We mainly obtain information directly from you. From time to time, we may also obtain information on you from third-party sources.
We will only gather such information when the third parties either have obtained your consent or are otherwise legally allowed to share such information. In certain limited circumstances, some third parties may be required to disclose your personal information to us.
For more information on our sharing of information with these third-party sources, please refer to the section With whom do we share your personal information?
Our third-party source categories could include:
Our retailers and distributors, as they can collect your personal information when you interact with them;
Our affiliates and subsidiaries;
Our event partners, as you can share certain personal information when you interact with them;
Social media in accordance with their own privacy policies;
Our technology partners and market research organisations;
Our business and approved partners;
Vendors who provide services on our behalf;
From your devices, such as when you visit our websites;
Your family or friends, such as when they provide us with your contact information, so we can send information that may interest you;
Online advertising companies;
Consumer reporting agencies;
Consumer data resellers (for example, in connection with online advertising);
Enforcement or judicial authorities or any other public authority; and
Government entities.
You may not always be required to provide us with the personal information that we are asking you for: any personal information that is required is clearly marked as mandatory.
When you do not wish to share certain personal information with us, you may simply not provide it to us, or opt-out of the processing of your personal information when this option is offered to you.
However, if you choose not to provide certain personal information, you may not be able to benefit from some of our services or to purchase certain products for which the provision of such personal information is necessary.
We may ask you to provide us with personal information to meet certain legal requirements. In such cases, we will notify you in due time and advise you as to whether your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Our general approach is to retain your personal information only for as long as it is needed.
When you have a Bottega Veneta profile, a temporary record or subscribe to our newsletters, we generally retain your personal information for 5 years from the last interaction you initiated with us.
When you interact with our customer services, we generally retain the recordings of the calls for 40 days (unless a longer retention period is permitted by law), and the other personal information you have shared with us (including personal information shared by mail, chat or text message or when our interaction is transcribed) for 5 years from the last interaction you initiated with us.
We may retain personal information for a shorter or longer time, for instance, where we are obliged to do so in accordance with relevant legal, tax and accounting requirements.
Last interaction shall be defined as the last contact you initiated which is traceable by our systems or by a sales associate. Last c ontact could be the last time a call, sales email, or meeting was proposed to you and to which you responded favorably . F or instance, c licking on a link included in an email (except for a link to unsubscribe from receiving marketing content) , having a chat on our w ebsite or attending an appointment in one of our stores are considered a l ast c ontact . Conversely , o pening an email or visiting our website without logging in would not qualify as l ast c ontact.
Before delet ing your personal information from your Bottega Veneta or temporary record , we will contact you to inform you of such deletion and you may ask us to keep your personal i nformation . By not answering you agree to the deletion of any personal information that we are not legally obliged to keep for longer in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements.
We will delete or destroy your personal information without delay once it is no longer necessary (e.g., if the purposes of collection/use of the personal information have been accomplished, if the statutory retention period expires) in a way that prevents such personal information from being restored or recovered. If printed on paper, the personal information will be destroyed by shredding, incinerating, or some other similar method and, if saved in electronic form, the personal information will be destroyed by technical methods which ensure that the personal information cannot be restored or recovered thereafter.
In specific circumstances we may also retain your personal information for longer according to the applicable statute of limitations so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.
It is also possible that certain information which we consider to be important for Bottega Veneta history or patrimony may be retained by us for longer periods exclusively for archival purposes, for historical purposes or for statistical purposes. This may be the case when some of our notable customers have benefited from our services or bought our products.
Additional information for South Korean residents :
We may retain certain personal information in accordance with the following legal requirements:
Records on contracts and withdrawal of subscriptions: 5 years (as required under the Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce Transactions)
Records on consumer complaints and processing of disputes: 3 years (as required under the Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce Transactions)
Records of log-ins: 3 months (as required under the Protection of Communications Secrets Act)
Want to know more? You may be interested in the following sections of our Privacy Policy
We, Bottega Veneta , are strongly committed to keeping your personal information safe.
To do so, we design our services with your safety in mind. Within our group, we have dedicated teams managing and ensuring the security and privacy of your personal information. We have adopted specific technical and organisational security measures, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access.
For example, whenever personal information is passed between your device and our servers, we ensure that it is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") and/or other security methods. We implement Hyper Text Transfer Protocol over Secure Socket Layer ("HTTPS") in order to protect your connection to our website. All your personal information is stored on secured servers.
We have also established a specialised personal information security management system. For example, we strictly control the scope of authorisation of our employees who have access to the personal information that we collect and process. We thus disclose or provide access to your personal information only on a strict need to know basis to our employees or to the third parties listed in the section With whom do we share your personal information?, and only through secured systems. We regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against any unauthorised access and use.
We conduct security and privacy protection training courses and tests on a regular basis to enhance our employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. We take commercially reasonable steps to make sure that our business partners and third-party service providers are able to protect your personal information. Our employees and those of our business partners and third-party service providers who have access to your personal information are subject to enforceable contractual obligations of confidentiality and specific contractual privacy provisions.
In the event of a security incident resulting in any breach of personal information, as qualified by law, we have an emergency response plan in place to prevent the expansion of such security incidents. In addition, we will report such personal information breach to the relevant supervisory authority as required by applicable law, and inform you via an appropriate channel as and where required by applicable law.
Please also note that in order to keep your personal information secure, we may from time to time, have to reset your password.
However, you should be aware that no service can be completely secure, and you play a key role in keeping your personal information safe. For the best possible protection of your personal information outside the limits of our control, your devices should be protected (e.g. by updated antivirus software) and your internet service providers should take appropriate measures for the security of personal information transmission over the network (e.g. with firewalls and anti-spam filtering). You accept the inherent security implications of interacting over the Internet and will not hold us or our partners responsible for any security incident or breach of personal information unless it is due to our negligence.
I f you have any concerns that your personal information has been put at risk, for example if someone could have found out your password, please contact us as soon as possible .
Where do we store your personal information?
We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to other companies within Kering or to approved partners in locations around the world. We want you to have the best service and customer experience, whether online or in person all over the world. For this purpose, we may have to share your personal information outside the country where you have first shared it with us. When we do so, it will always be for the purposes described in this privacy policy and where we are satisfied with the levels of protection and security implemented in compliance with applicable privacy legislation. This sharing of your personal information is necessary to enable us to perform the contracts we have with you or take steps at your request, prior to entering into a contract, in order to offer you a global customer experience.
The personal information we collect from you will be mainly stored in servers located in the European Union, United States and Switzerland, where it will be afforded the level of protection required by applicable privacy legislation. However, this may vary depending on the country in which the information is collected or applicable legislation. For more information about the location where your personal information is stored, you can contact us at privacy@bottegaveneta.com (or see How can you contact us? )
Your personal information will be mainly stored in servers located in the People's Republic of China, the European Union , the United States and Switzerland if you are a Chinese customer or if your personal information is collected in the People's Republic of China.
You will be considered as a Chinese customer if the personal Information you provide us is mainly linked to China Mainland (for example, your primary address is in the People's Republic of China, you r phone number is a Chinese phone number, you shop on a Chinese dedicated website or e-commerce channel such as the WeChat mini program or if you inform us that your country of residence is China Mainland)
When we share, use or transfer personal information from China, we, according to Chinese privacy law and applicable cross-border assessment regulation, will conduct the assessment and ensure these activities are compliant. Our parent company K ering S.A is the receiver of your personal information transferred to European Union and Switzerland . The contact of Kering S.A is 40 rue de Sèvres, 75007 Paris, France or you can contact us via email address at p privacy@kering.com.
Personal information we collect from you in the Russian Federation or if you are a Russian resident may also be stored in servers located in the Russian Federation and may be transferred outside the Russian Federation in compliance with applicable legislation .
You should be aware that personal information stored outside the country where it was collected may be available to government authorities of the countries where it is stored, under applicable data disclosure laws of those countries.
We want to ensure that your personal information is always safely used and available to you, wherever you want to access it and for whatever reason you wish to use it.
When we share, use, or transfer personal information outside the country in which the information is collected, we will put in place appropriate measures to legitimize such transfer under applicable privacy legislation, which may include, as applicable, obtaining your consent or implementing adequate contractual safeguards. In particular, if we transfer your personal information from the European Union or Switzerland to a country for which no adequation decision has been adopted by the relevant authorities, we use standard contractual clauses approved by the relevant authorities (such as European Commission). You can contact us at privacy@bottegaveneta.com (or see How can you contact us? ) for more information about these safeguards including how to obtain copies of this information.
How do we protect your personal information?
We may share and disclose your personal information and other information you provide to us for business purposes with the categories of recipients listed below. We may also receive personal information about you from some of them as our third-party sources. The processing of personal information by such third parties relies on the legal bases listed for the relevant purposes in the section Why do we collect your personal information? (or the relevant appendix for your jurisdiction). If you would like more information about the sharing of your personal information, including the list of recipients, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer at privacy@bottegaveneta.com (or see How can you contact us? )
Approved partners acting as service providers
To use your personal information and other information you provide to us, we rely on approved partners. All approved partners are bound by an obligation to implement appropriate security measures to protect personal information in their possession, and bound by a strict confidentiality agreement and specific contractual provision s on " how " and " when " they are allowed to collect and use your personal information. Your personal information may be accessible to the following authori s ed personnel on a need-to-know basis :
Kering and other affiliates of our group
Our parent company Kering and its affiliates are our main approved partners. They will have access to your personal information and other information you provide to us but will never use it in contradiction to this privacy policy.
Kering and its affiliates enable us to : offer you our products and services ( e.g. via wholesale management and sale s processes ) ; provide you with our customer service ( e.g. responding when you contact us by phone, mail, text message , chat or social media ) ; manage your Bottega Veneta profile ( e.g. by keeping your information safe and performing IT - related functions attached to your Bottega Veneta profile ) ; and , through shared services , to manage and better under stand our business.
Retailers (including online), resellers, franchisees, licensees, delivery providers, fulfilment companies and transaction partners
These partners mainly enable us to provide you with the products and services you have requested (e.g. ensuring your bank can proceed with payment, or delivering a product you have purchased on our website) .
For sake of clarity, please note that such partners also carry out processing activities in parallel for their own purposes, acting then as data controller s (see Approved partners acting also on their own account below) . In this respect , o ur privacy policy does not extend to the processing activities carried out by these partners where the latter are acting on their own account, as data c ontroller for the performance of their services.
This can be the case when payment services provider carries out fraud detection processes . These other companies have their own privacy policies in place, so remember that the way they use any personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Due to our implementation of the 3D Secure Authentication system to prevent payment fraud and protect your credit card, please note that your credit card information may be transferred to the country where your card issuer operates or stores data. The specific country of transfer depends on the card brand used for purchases. Local cards likely keep data within the country, while international brands may transfer data overseas for verification.
They can also be involved in creating and/or manag ing your Bottega Veneta profile ( e.g. collecting your personal information and consent on our behalf so that we can set up your profile, linking your purchase to your Bottega Veneta profile so you can easily find it again, or providing your personal information when you access your Bottega Veneta profile ) .
Marketing services, advertising providers, communication (email, SMS, MMS) providers
They help us manage your Bottega Veneta profile, operate portions of our website, enable chat or other functions, provide you with relevant information, updates, and tailored marketing content ( e.g. by sending you emails based on your previous purchases or on sweepstakes, contests and advertisements you have browsed), and send you non-marketing communications. We may also use postal delivery providers. They enable us to send you any communication and marketing content ( e.g. letters and event invitation s ) .
IT service providers
The se partners enable us to :
Provide you with the products and services you have requested (e.g. by managing our e-commerce website and our applications, etc.) and manage your Bottega Veneta profile (e.g. by making sure it is available at any time when you interact with us, and linking your purchases to it);
Provide you with relevant customer service (e.g. by allowing you to use chat services);
Send you relevant information, updates and marketing content (e.g. by sending you tailored emails, SMS, MMS, chat messages etc.);
Enable and optimize chat services or other ways you interact with our websites or us;
Send you non-marketing communications (e.g. by emailing you to verify your identity when you sign up);
Undertake transactions securely (e.g. by identifying potential behaviour that could be a threat to your personal information or guarding against third-party misuse of your payment details to purchase products);
Assess and better understand our business (e.g. by providing personal information visualisation tools); and
Optimise and manage our website and other means of communication (e.g. by ensuring that our website is always available based on your browsing habits).
Audit, law firms and similar corporate professional service providers, data analysis providers
The se partners enable us to better understand and conduct our business ( they include accountants, lawyers and auditors who may need to use your personal information ) . In addition, d ata analysis providers may enable us to provide you with relevant information , updates and marketing content ( e.g. by analysing your answers to a survey, provid ing insights and help ing us to analy s e trends and improve our products and services) .
Approved partners acting also on their own account
To use some of your personal information (see " Why do we collect your personal information" ) , we rely on approved partners. Certain approved partners may be able to determine " why " and " how " your personal information is used.
Social networks
We manage our fan pages on the social networks listed below, a social network operated by our services. We use our fan pages to inform our community about our company, our products, our services and our offerings, as well as about current developments and to communicate with our users. You can send us messages, as well as share, comment or "like" our messages. We process the profiles of users of our products and services (in particular the user's name) and our interactions with them (for example the content of messages or comments) to process the information requests they submit and respond to their questions. The legal basis for such data processing is the provision of the services requested by the user concerned on social network , or if your country of residency doesn't acknowledge the performance of a contract as a valid legal basis, then please consider that the actual legal basis is your consent when interacting with us via our social networks .
We may also use statistical functions provided by social networks on how our users use our fan page. These data statistics are based on personal data collected during a user's visit, or on the user's interaction with our content. Our legitimate interest in this regard is the improvement and optimization of our fan page, which is also in the interest of our users , or if your country of residency doesn't acknowledge legitimate interest as a valid legal basis, then please consider that the actual legal basis is your consent when interacting with us via our fan page .
Lastly, s ocial networks enable us to provide you with relevant information and updates, marketing content ( e.g. advertisements based on look-alike profiles) and relevant customer service ( e.g. when you use social media to contact us). Please be aware that they have their own privacy and cookies policies in place, so the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Retailers (including online), resellers, franchisees and licensees
Certain point s of sale , carrying out their business under the Bottega Veneta name , may act as independent data c ontrollers and are able to determine " why " and " how " they use the p ersonal i nformation you share with them. Please be aware that our privacy policy does not extend to services provided by other companies on their own account. They have their own privacy policies in place, so remember that any personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Disclosure of transaction details to Riskified Ltd. and processing of transaction details by Riskified Ltd. in accordance with Riskified's Privacy Policy
When you purchase products on our website, we might disclose your transaction details to Riskified Ltd., a company with registered offices at 30 Kalisher St., Tel Aviv 6525724 , Israel (hereinafter referred to as " Riskified " ), that will carry out security and anti-fraud checks on the transactions carried out on our w ebsite. The disclosure may be based on our legitimate interest in preventing fraudulent online transactions or the legal basis applicable in your country of residence (see Why do we collect your personal information? ).
Riskified will also process your transaction ' s details as a data controller (i) in order to review purchase s for possible fraudulent activity ; (ii) by storing your transactions ' details in its data base for use in enhanc ing its anti-fraud services ; and; (iii) to develop additional services, all in accordance with Riskified ' s Privacy Policy .
Riskified will process your transaction details by automated means and will aggregate them with other personal information relating to transactions concluded by you on other e-commerce platforms, in order to assess the regularity of the payment, according to pre-determined criteria.
Y our personal information will be processed by Riskified in the State of Israel and is transferred according to the adequacy decision of the European Commission , adopted on 31 January 2011, which recogni s e s that the legal system of the State of Israel ensures an adequate level of protection of personal information.
Actual or potential buyers as part of a business transfer
We may disclose your personal information to an actual or a potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in relation to any actual or proposed divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorgani s ation , or any other similar transaction or proceeding in compliance with applicable laws and regulations . Where this is required, we will take steps to minimise any data that is shared.
Law enforcement body, regulatory body, government agency, court, lawyers to comply with laws and defend our rights and interests
We may disclose your personal information to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory body , government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is ( i ) required as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) necessary to protect your interests or those of any other person , and on the legal basis set out in this privacy policy . Where this is required, we will take steps to minimise any data that is shared.
At your request or for our legitimate interest or compliance with laws and regulations
We may disclose your personal information to any other person : with your consent ; where we have a n overriding legitimate interest (on balance with your interests) to do so ; or where we have a legal or regulatory obligation to do so .
Can the privacy policy change?
Do we use cookies or other online advertising technologies?
Protecting the safety and privacy of children is very important to us.
By creating your Bottega Veneta profile, or by registering through any means, or by placing an order, you confirm that you have reached the age of consent in your country of residence (or, if you are under the age of consent, that your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) also agree(s) to such registration or order when they can give you such authorization under the law of your country of residence).
If we become aware (including through a request from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s)) that we have inadvertently received personal information in contradiction to the above, we will delete such personal information from our records.
If you are a minor, and have created a Bottega Veneta profile, we may collect the categories of personal information mentioned in the section What personal information do we collect? , and use your personal information for the purposes listed in the section Why do we collect your personal information? , unless prohibited by applicable laws. You, or your parent(s) or legal guardian(s), when permitted or required under the laws of your country of residence, may exercise over your personal information the rights listed in the section What are your rights regarding your personal information?
Should you always share your personal information with us?
For how long do we keep your personal information?
Subject to your applicable privacy legislation, you may be entitled to one or more of the following rights and exercise them on your own or via a legal representative acting on your behalf. We, Bottega Veneta , are committed to protecting your rights and allowing you to exercise them. You will never be discriminated against when you exercise your right in good faith under any applicable privacy law.
If you need any further information regarding your rights, how to exercise any of your rights, or if you have any complaints or questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer at privacy@bottegaveneta.com or by completing the form available here (or see How can you contact us? ).
If you are a Californian resident , please see the section "What are your rights regarding your personal information?" in Appendix 4 – Specific information for Californian residents.
Right of access, rectification and erasure
Under certain circumstances you may have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of any of your personal information that we may hold. Such right of access also includes the right to receive information in particular about the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal information concerned, the categories of recipients to whom your information may be disclosed, and the envisaged period for the retention of your information.
You may also request correction of any inaccurate personal information relating to you and to request the deletion of your personal information. You can see and update most of this personal information yourself online, or by contacting our customer services, or by emailing our privacy team at privacy@bottegaveneta.com or by completing the form available here (or see How can you contact us? ) .
Specifically, subject to your applicable privacy legislation, your right of access may include:
the right to request whether and how your personal information is processed and whether it has been shared with a third party in the preceding 12 months, in particular if you are an Aruban resident.
the right to obtain information about the existence of your personal information in our information system, the owner or operator of your personal information, the sources from which your personal information has been obtained (and proof of the legality of the method of collection of such information), the purposes, timing and methods of processing of your personal information, including the persons who may have access to such information and the information systems with which your personal information may be exchanged, the legal justification for and legal consequences resulting from the collection, processing and transfer to third parties of your personal information, and where applicable the existence of a compliance certificate and completion of the state examination of the information system in which your personal information is recorded, in particular if you are a resident of Azerbaijan.
the right to obtain confirmation that we process personal information about you, to request information about the public and private entities with whom we have shared your personal information, and to request information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial, in particular if you are a Brazilian resident.
if we cannot satisfy your request for correction, the right to request that a statement of correction be attached to your information noting that a correction has been sought but not made, in particular if you are a resident of New Zealand.
the right to be informed of any disclosure of inaccurate personal information about you, in particular if you are a resident of Qatar.
Right to withdraw consent
Where processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time. For example, if you no longer wish to receive electronic marketing communications, you can change the settings in your Bottega Veneta profile , use the ‘unsubscribe' link provided in our emails, text the STOP number in our text messages, or contact us directly and we will stop sending you communications. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent as carried out before such withdrawal.
If you are a resident of the United States or Guam, please also see Appendix 3 - Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents .
Right to personal information portability
Under certain conditions, you may have the right to receive personal information you have provided to us within a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and also to require us to transmit it to another data controller where this is technically feasible.
Right to restriction of processing
Subject to privacy legislation applicable to you, you may have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information in particular where:
you contest the accuracy of the personal information (until we have taken sufficient steps to correct or verify its accuracy);
the processing is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase the personal information;
we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require such personal information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
you have objected to processing that has been justified on legitimate interest grounds, pending verification as to whether we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing.
Where personal information is subject to restriction in this way, we will only process it with your consent or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, in accordance with local legislation.
Specifically, subject to your applicable privacy legislation, your right to restriction of processing may include:
the right to apply for the transfer of your personal information to an archive, and the right to demand a ban on the collection and processing of your personal information, in particular if you are a resident of Azerbaijan.
the right to request the anonymization, blocking or deletion of any unnecessary or excessive personal information or personal information processed unlawfully, in particular if you are a Brazilian resident.
the right to request us to stop transferring your personal information to a third party, in particular if you are a Vietnamese resident.
Right to object to processing
Where we rely on legitimate interest to process personal information, you may have the right to object to that processing. In this case, we must stop using your personal information for that purpose unless we can either demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or where we need to process the personal information in order to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. Where we rely on legitimate interest as a justification for processing, we believe that we can demonstrate such compelling legitimate grounds, but we will consider each case on an individual basis.
Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may also have the right to object to this at any time. This includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. For example, if you wish to object to receiving electronic marketing communications, you can change the settings in your Bottega Veneta profile , or use the ‘unsubscribe' link provided in our emails, or text the STOP number in our text messages, or contact us directly and we will stop sending you communications.
Deceased person rights to privacy
To exercise rights on behalf of a deceased individual, you may be required to provide us with proof that you are an immediate family member or executor of the deceased person. Subject to applicable privacy laws, we may not be able to support your request. Please be informed that under certain laws (for example in France), you can define directives relating to the storage, erasure and communication of your personal information after your death.
Right to lodge a complaint
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you consider that the processing of your personal information infringes applicable law.
If you are a resident of a Member State of the European Economic Area, you may refer to the list of data protection authorities in the European Economic Area available here . If you are a resident of Qatar, you may contact your data protection authority, the Compliance and Data Protection (CDP) department, through the channels listed here .
Under applicable legislation, you may have the right to bring complaints relating to the processing of your personal information before civil courts..
Modalities of response to your requests, additional information or assistance
If you need any further information regarding your rights or how to exercise any of your rights, or if you have any complaints or questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer at privacy@bottegaveneta.com or by completing the form available here (or see How can you contact us? ).
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps and may require you to provide certain information to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request.
Where permissible under applicable law, we reserve the right to charge a fee for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, to cover the administrative costs incurred by your request. We will endeavour to respond to your request as soon as possible and in any case within the applicable timeframe.
In certain countries (such as if you are a California n resident), if you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the person whose personal information is the subject of the request.
If you designate an authori s ed agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf (a) we may require you to provide the authori s ed agent written permission to do so, and (b) for access and deletion requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us.
Want to know more? You may be interested in the following sections of our Customer Privacy Policy:
We may occasionally make changes to this privacy policy, for example to comply with new requirements imposed by applicable laws or technical requirements. We will post the updated privacy policy on our website. We therefore encourage you to review this page every so often.
We may also notify you in case of material changes and, where required by applicable law, we will seek your consent to those changes.
If we wish to process your personal information for a new purpose not described in this privacy policy, where necessary we will inform you and where required we will seek your consent.
What is covered by this privacy policy?
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic data. We also share information on your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. You can read more about any of our purposes or the vendors that we use by clicking on ‘Cookie Settings.' This preference center is accessible at any time through the ‘Cookie Settings' button located on every page.
When you visit any website or use an application, it may store or retrieve information using your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be personal information about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
At any time, you have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies using the on/off settings of the preference center, by clicking on the button below:
This function is not available for China, however, you are still able to switch on/off the cookies on your browser.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website or a mobile application – when visited by a user – asks your browser to place on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and are called first party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain other than that of the website you are visiting or a mobile application you are using – for our advertising and marketing initiatives.
Why do we use cookie?
Cookies are used for various purposes, such as allowing the user to navigate between pages seamlessly, implementing the user's preferences and improving their overall browsing experience, by customising the content according to their navigation and user profile as a Bottega Veneta customer. They can also help ensure that the adverts seen online by the user are more relevant to them and their interests.
What types of cookies do we use?
We use several types of cookies which have different durations. In particular we use:
Session cookies, which only last for the duration of a browsing session and facilitate your experience on our website or our mobile application; and
Persistent cookies, which last for more than one visit and memorise your preferred settings regarding our website or our mobile application.
These cookies can also be categorised as follows, depending on who sets them:
First party cookies, which are supplied by the publisher of the website or the mobile application you are visiting, so that it functions properly.
Third party cookies, which are set on the website or the mobile application by third parties, and are intended to collect data in different ways and for several purposes, for example: collection of analytics data and information on social interactions and behaviours, and also for promotional activities.
What categories of cookie are on our website or the application?
The types of cookies used on our website or our mobile application serve different purposes and can fall into one of the categories below. Please to the Preference center to see what type of cookies is relevant.
These cookies are necessary for the website or our mobile application to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. This allows us to authenticate and record your sessions, to secure traffic or to detect certain malicious activities. For the website, you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the website will then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies allow us to collect behavioral data and determine traffic sources, so we can
Measure the traffic on the website or our mobile application . They help us to find out which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website or our mobile application by distinguishing users and sessions, determining new sessions/visits and counting the number of pages viewed in the current session and the recording type. We will also track the traffic source or campaign that explains how you reach our website, via which partners for example, to measure the impact and the effectiveness of our partnership with other merchants or our advertising campaign.
Understand by who and how our site is used. Performance and analytics cookies are also used to rationalize traffic counting and user behavior across several platform integrations. They allow us to store visitor custom variable information, test different versions of our website or our mobile application or our content, and allow third-party providers helping us analyze and optimize our content.
These cookies enable the personalization of website or mobile application content by recognizing you and remembering your preferences. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our website or our application by us or our advertising partners. They may be used to build a persona based on your navigation and your interests to personalize your experience by providing adapted content, features and products or show you relevant advertisements on other sites. We may also use the information collected through these trackers to push advertisements, on partners' websites or social networks, to people who can share the same interests as you.
They do not directly store personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and devices.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site or our application and which enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build a profile based on your interests. This may influence the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Chat feature cookies
These cookies are necessary for the activation of the chat functionality allowing us to locate you, to put you in contact with our teams and to give you the possibility of exchanging with us (via chat or video calls). This use will be associated with a monitoring of your experience on the site (including a live monitoring of your navigation on our site or mobile application) allowing us to assist you as best as possible and to recommend the products that best meet your expectations and preferences. If you do not accept these cookies, the chat functionality will not be accessible.
How to customize your cookie settings
When you first visit our website, you are required to accept or decline the use of cookies before proceeding. At any time, you have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies using the on/off settings of the preference center, by clicking on the ‘Cookie Settings' button located on every page:
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies by using our Cookie Settings. Click on the different category headings to find out more and to change our default settings. Please note that blocking some types of cookies may affect your experience of the site or the application and the services we are able to offer.
If you prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies. If you use multiple browsers (e.g. Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Firefox, etc.), you must repeat this procedure for each one, and if you connect to the web from multiple devices (e.g. from work and at home), then you will need to set your preferences on each browser on each device.
Please note that if you completely disable cookies from the browser, some of the functionalities might be lost, for example, normal browsing of the site and purchasing activity, while any personalised activity such as the advertising you receive when you visit this website will not be tailored to your interests.
For more information on third-party cookies (e.g. advertising or targeting cookies) and how to disable them directly from the browser instead of through Cookie Settings , we invite you to read the relevant privacy policy and opt-out guidelines which can be found here: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
Do we share data collected through cookies?
We may collect information on our website or our application through cookies and share it with third parties such as social networks or advertising platforms, as well as other companies within Kering, advertising agencies/providers and IT providers (e.g. hosting providers), with your consent where required.
Do we sell your personal information?
Sale of your personal information
If you choose to enable third party cookies via Cookie Settings, third parties (such as approved analytics and advertising partners) will collect your personal information via automated technologies on our websites, primarily in an effort to provide you with content and advertisements that may be of interest to you and on the legal bases set out in this privacy policy. The choice is yours . You may elect not to send your personal information to them at any time.
Please note that deciding not to share your information via third party cookies does not mean you will stop seeing ads, but these ads will not be tailored to you based on information derived from your activities on our websites.
Please also note that depending on your selection, we may still share your information in ways that are not a "sale" or "sharing" under California law, such as with our service providers, for our own online advertising purposes.
If you are a Californian resident you also have the right to submit a Shine the Light Request, which means you may request that we provide you with a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, as well as the identity of those third parties. Any such disclosures will be made consistent with your choices in Cookie Settings. You may contact us at the information below for a listing.
How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or how we handle your information, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer by sending an email to privacy@bottegaveneta.com or by using the form available here .
Bottega Veneta will collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following primary purposes.
If you would like more information, you can contact us at privacy@bottegaveneta.com (or see How can you contact us? )
To provi de you with the products and services you have requested, we will access, collect, store and use your personal information for invoicing , payment management and internal accounting .
Some of the operations mentioned above can be implemented by partners of ours as identified in section "With whom do we share your personal information?", in particular the registration, payment and delivery of your order. Your information may be communicated, used or collected directly via the information system of our partner.
Certain specific information may be required to provide you with gift cards, customization services, or when you reserve a product or a service, request the repair of a product, or purchase products or services by phone, or on our website or a marketplace. In such cases, we could access, collect, store and use your personal information for delivery, warehouse and return management.]
Once you have asked us to create your Bottega Veneta profile, we will supplement it with personal information such as your purchases, preferences and contact details. In this context, please be aware that we use personal identification information, such as your email address or phone number, to link an interaction or a purchase with your Bottega Veneta profile. This also applies when checking-out as a guest on our website when making a purchase , as mentioned above, or in case you bind your social media open ID account with your Bottega Veneta profile (by using dedicated QR Codes for example). In addition, we may use your date of birth to determine that you are old enough to use our services.
In order to keep your personal information accurate, we will take every reasonable step to ensure that personal information we hold is properly updated. Subject to your applicable privacy legislation you may have the right to have your information rectified at any time, and in event please let us know if any of your information needs updating or correcting, and we will make our best efforts to detect and correct inaccurate personal information (data cleansing) and delete any duplicated dataset. This may require us to correct typographical errors or inconsistent personal information.
You should have the same unified experience no matter how we communicate. Whether this happens in our stores, on our website, by chat, by phone or by video, and whether you contact us or we contact you , we want to provide you with relevant and tailored customer service.
We will use the information we have about you to try to identify you when you contact us (whether by phone, video chat, text message , chat, social media, etc.). When we can identify you, we will be able to access personal information available in your Bottega Veneta profile or in your temporary record , to know when you have previously interacted with us and to provide you with the tailored assistance you are asking for. This could include real-time or subsequent monitoring of your interaction with us (for example on our website or in a store) to identify the products you are looking at or what could be your specific need.
To provide you with adequate customer service, you may be asked if you need further assistance when you are on our website or in a store. On our website, if you do not want to be contacted, kindly close the chat navigation window. This service was implemented for you to enjoy the same service as in one of our physical stores.
In addition, the monitoring of our interaction (including , with prior notice to you, via voice or video recording – such as real time listening or analysis – or listening in real time, ) enables us to improve the quality and safety of our services and to provide you with tailored answers.
Our communications will be customised and specifically designed to be of interest to you, and will be updated with any new personal information linked to your Bottega Veneta profile. We will thus use your personal information to send you tailored communications or other customised advertisements or marketing campaigns. This use of your data includes some profiling activity.
As part of the Bottega Veneta experience , we will always try to customi s e and personali s e your experience with us . This is why w e will use your personal information to send you tailored communications or personalise your journey with us, but only with your prior consent where it is required under applicable privacy legislation . Our communications could include tailored product recommendations we think you might like, personali s ed marketing content designed to suit your interests, personali s ed events invitations or, at your request and where available, personali s ed and customi s ed products. For these purposes, we will use the information you provide to us (for example your date of birth, your country of residence, your preferred means of contact , etc.) and/or jointly or independently, certain patterns we may observe when interacting with you (for example where you prefer buying our products, what type of products you like, which occasions you a re shopping for , etc.) . With this information , we may create groups of similar customer s (called " persona " ) to w hom we can decide to offer personali s ed content and experiences both in inbou n d or outbound interactions. In this context, we may make inference s about you , as derive d from your personal information ( profiling ). For example, if you always purchase our products from the same store (specif i c location or online), we may consider this store as your preferred one. This will allow us to customi s e your experience with Bottega Veneta based on your interests and shopping habits ( i.e . tailored communication). In order to provide you with such customised and personalised experience , in our stores or online, you may be required to log in or identify yourself.
To enrich your personal information, w e may use cookies or other online advertising technologies . Via such technologies , we will collect personal information related to your activities on social media and your browsing activity across different websites and devices (for example: to know if you have visited our website after opening a newsletter you have received). Certain technologies may rely on services provided by other companies acting on their own account (such as social media WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram , or other online platforms ). These companies have their own privacy and cookies policies and the way they use the personal information you share with them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
To enrich your personal information, we can match it with personal information held by others (for example, by sharing and matching your information with information held by trusted partners , or by binding your social media open ID account with your Bottega Veneta profile (by using the dedicated QR Codes for example). This process will only be conducted by using customers' unique identifiers and reidentification protocols in order to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Using cookies or other online advertising technologies may also enable us to show you online advertisement s that are " contextual " (meaning they are shown according to the webpage you are browsing ) , or " behavio u ral " or " interest based " (where advertisements are shown to you based on your interests which we have inferred from your information including demographic, geographic and interest-based data ). We may use such advertisements to display products or services that are most relevant to you.
If you no longer want to see customised online advertisements , you may request us to delete your Bottega Veneta profile or modify your cookie preferences – see " cookies or other online advertising technologies " . In addition, some third -party sites allow you to stop seeing advertisements from specific advertisers, so you may also set your preferences on those websites.
We will never contact you to ask for your password. Please be aware if you receive any request for this personal information.
When, as a user, you decide to interact with our social media pages (e.g. when you follow one of our pages, when you click "Like" on Facebook or "Follow" on Instagram or add a reaction to a post, when you "share" or add a "comment", etc.), we have access to public information in your profile. Your information is used for the purpose of interacting with you through the social network in question or to establish analyzes or statistics on the use of our pages or on the performance of our communications. Our services may remove your comments if they do not comply with our policies on the use of social networks (e.g. if your comments are insulting, illegal or malicious).
When you visit our "Fan" page, when you do not have an account or are not logged in to the relevant social network, we do not collect any personal information about you, except for the aggregated data provided to us by each social network.
To deliver our products and services safely to you, perform our contract properly or comply with some of our legal obligations, we will implement fraud prevention and detection measures. Such measures will allow us to adequately perform our contract with you and/or protect our legitimate interests in defending ourselves against fraud. We may notably implement measures to ensure that you are complying with our terms and conditions for sales, available on this website, offers and programs, and to prevent and detect non-compliance or fraud by you. This may include reviewing and assessing your dealings with us, your eligibility to participate in certain sales, offers and programs, your compliance with the terms and conditions of such sales, offers and programs, and undertaking enforcement action and/or disciplinary action where such non-compliance or fraud is suspected or identified.
We may use administrative and technical measures to protect, our website, our systems, our networks, transactions occurring on our website or in our stores, and any other necessary means to protect the personal information we may access or store. For this purpose, we may also be required to verify your identity or to take note of any suspicious or actual non-compliance with our terms and conditions or fraud we incurred with respect to your dealings with us. Such measures may also be implemented for compliance purposes or to avoid sharing your personal information with any untrusted third parties. For example, when you purchase a product, your personal information will be associated with a unique code placed into and/or printed on such product so that by reading the unique code we can recognize the order as yours, to enable us to assess your compliance with our terms and conditions or to detect fraud by you, and to take enforcement and/or disciplinary action against you in the event of suspected or identified non-compliance or fraud by you.
In addition, we may implement certain measures to protect and defend our rights and property, our employees and our business partners in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and international conventions. For example, we can monitor our inbound and outbound interaction with our customer service (including via voice or video recording or listening in real time, with prior notice to you); also, mindful of the health of our employees, and for this sole purpose, we implement an anti-malicious calls procedure so that any occurrence of inappropriate behaviors such as harassment, insults or direct threats from users will be reported to our dedicated team. This will generate a warning to the concerned user and they will be recorded on our provisional list. The initial warning will set out the consequences of a second incident occurring. A second incident will lead to the suspension of any further calls from the user in question for a period of 4 months. During this period, the user will still be able to contact our customer services by other communication channels (e.g., regular mail or email) so we can attend their queries and preserve their rights at any given time.
Certain activities which are required when conducting a business may involve the use of your personal information. This could include internal processes (such as finance control, accounting, stock management, production management, internal or external audit), certain legal obligations (for example, record-keeping or tax declaration ), or analyses conducted in case of a merger or acquisition.
We may also conduct various business - related analytics & market research activities , which may require us to access or otherwise use some of your personal information , or to send you surveys or customer satisfaction questions in order to gather new or additional information . This notably enables us to analy s e and learn how our customers use and interact with us in order to improve products, services and our business in general. It is also important for us to conduct operations that allow us to analyze and measure the performance of our marketing or communications campaigns. This may be the case, for example, when you click on one of our ads on our business partners website or when you make a purchase after viewing one of their ads. Please be aware that to do this, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies .
We may use some of your personal information to administer, optimi s e and improve our websites , our applications, our content and our other digital offerings, including the services and products offered through our websites , application s or any other digital means of communication to ensure the most user-friendly online navigation experience. We may use such personal information to fix operational problems such as pages crashing and software bugs. Please be aware that to do this, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies .
Your personal information may be collected, used, held or disclosed for other purposes with your consent or where otherwise permitted by applicable legislation.
Bottega Veneta will collect, record, hold, organize, structure, store, update, adapt, combine, consult, use, transfer and disclose your personal information for the following purposes. Your personal information will not be further used for purposes incompatible or inconsistent with the purposes for which it was collected, unless permitted by the applicable legislation.
The processing of your personal information is justified on the legal bases set out in this section. The legal bases listed in this section will also apply when we share your data with third parties (as listed in the section With whom do we share your personal information? ) for one of the purposes mentioned below.
When we require information from you for the below mentioned purposes, we generally request you to submit this to us voluntarily, i.e. you have the right to consent or not to consent to the collection and processing of your personal data. If you choose not to provide certain personal information, you may not be able to benefit from some of our services for which the provision of such personal information is necessary.
To provi de you with the products and services you have requested, we will access, collect, store , process, use , disclose and transfer your personal information for invoicing , payment management and internal accounting .
For purchases made o n our website, the contract is ou r Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Qatar
Vietnam, China and Saudi Arabia
Kuwait, Mexico, Chile, South Korea and Azerbaijan
Your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
When you provided us with your personal information in relation to an online purchase or any other request for products or services made online
Any other situation will require your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us, .
Vietnam and Saudi Arabia
Kuwait, China Mexico, Chile, South Korea and Azerbaijan
Your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
In addition, the monitoring of our interaction (including , with prior notice to you, via voice or video recordin g – such as real time listening or analysis – or listening in real time,) enables us to improve the quality and safety of our services and to provide you with tailored answers.
Kuwait, China, Mexico, Chile, South Korea and Azerbaijan
Any other situation will require your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Your consent
As deemed obtained when you choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Any other situation will require your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
To provide you with tailored assistance when we are not able to identify you (and when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Any other situation will require your consent , as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
We will notably rely on your consent if your facial image is pictured or if your personal information is visible to other customers.
Your consent , as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
This monitoring could be implemented during both inbound and outbound interactions and could be carried out via voice or video recording or listening in real time, with prior notice to you.
Your consent , as deemed obtained when you choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
Our communications will be customised and specifically designed to be of interest to you, and will be updated with any new personal information linked to your Bottega Veneta profile. We will thus use your personal information to send you tailored communications or other customised advertisements or marketing campaigns. This use of your information includes some profiling activity.
As part of the Bottega Veneta experience , we will always try to customi s e and personali s e your experience with us . This is why w e will use your personal information to send you tailored communications or personalise your journey with us, but only with your prior consent where it is required under applicable privacy legislation . Our communications could include tailored product recommendations we think you might like, personali s ed marketing content designed to suit your interests, personali s ed events invitations or, at your request and where available, personali s ed and customi s ed products. For these purposes, we will use the information you provide to us (for example your date of birth, your country of residence, your preferred means of contact , etc.) and/or jointly or independently, certain patterns we may observe when interacting with you (for example where you prefer buying our products, what type of products you like, which occasions you a re shopping for , etc.) . With this information , we may create groups of similar customer s (called "persona") to w hom we can decide to offer personali s ed content and experiences both in inbou n d or outbound interactions. In this context, we may make inference s about you , as derive d from your personal information ( profiling ). For example, if you always purchase our products from the same store (specif i c location or online), we may consider this store as your preferred one. This will allow us to customi s e your experience with Bottega Veneta based on your interests and shopping habits ( i.e . tailored communication). In order to provide you with such customised and personalised experience , in our stores or online, you may be required to log in or identify yourself.
To enrich your personal information, w e may use cookies or other online advertising technologies . Via such technologies, we will collect personal information related to your activities on social media and your browsing activity across different websites and devices (for example: to know if you have visited our website after opening a newsletter you have received). Certain technologies may rely on services provided by other companies acting on their own account (such as social media WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram , or other online platforms ). These companies have their own privacy and cookies policies and the way they use the personal information you share with them will be subject to their rules and not ours .
To enrich your personal information, we can match it with personal information held by others (for example, by sharing and matching your information with information held by trusted partners , or by binding your social media open ID account with your Bottega Veneta profile (by using the dedicated QR Codes for example ). This process will only be conducted by using customers' unique identifiers and reidentification protocols in order to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Using cookies or other online advertising technologies may also enable us to show you online advertisement s that are "contextual" (meaning they are shown according to the webpage you are browsing ) , or "behavio u ral" or "interest based" (where advertisements are shown to you based on your interests which we have inferred from your information including demographic, geographic and interest-based data ). We may use such advertisements to display products or services that are most relevant to you.
This includes communication such as updates about our products and services, invitations to events, offers, surveys.
Your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile.
Your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Or compliance with a legal obligation
When you provided us with your personal information in relation to an online purchase or any other request for products or services made online, and such update relates to the administration and management of your Bottega Veneta profile
When taking actions following a rectification or erasure request.
Your consent, when you accept, at the creation of your Bottega Veneta profile, that we l ink your personal information to certain patterns ( Profiling ) (for example by accepting to receive tailored communication ) .
Present ing you with online advertisement s that are "contextual", "behavio u ral", "interest - based" or "tailored" , including by using cookies or other online advertising technologies
Any other situation will require your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Compliance with a legal obligation ,
Or performance of a contract
When you provided us with your personal information in relation to an online purchase or any other request for products or services made online,
O therwise your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Or your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Administering and managing your Bottega Veneta profile once you have requested us to create your Bottega Veneta profile
Your consent, when you interact with us
When you provided us with your personal information in relation to an online purchase or any other request for products or services made online, including when you interact with us via the features proposed by the social network
Otherwise your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Implementing fraud prevention, detection and investigation measures and procedures against inappropriate behaviors against our employees to ensure physical security and cybersecurity , to safely deliver you products and services and to protect the health of our employees , also via voice or video recording or listening in real time both inbound and outbound conversations with our customer service, with prior notice to you.
or our legitimate interests in protecting ourselves against fraud, protecting our employees against inappropriate behaviors, preventing criminal activity or coll ecting relevant information thereon or initiating an investigation thereof, and collecting information necessary for the investigation of any criminal activity, based on an official request from the investigating authorities (when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
or performance of a contract
or our legitimate interest
We may also conduct various business - related analytics & market research activities , which may require us to access or otherwise use some of your personal information , or to send you surveys or customer satisfaction questions in order to gather new or additional information . This notably enables us to analy s e and learn how our customers use and interact with us in order to improve products, services and our business in general. It is also important for us to conduct operations that allow us to analyze and measure the performance of our marketing or communications campaigns. This may be the case, for example, when you click on one of our ads on our business partners website or when you make a purchase after viewing one of their ads. Please be aware that to do this, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies.
Or your consent, as provided when you create your Bottega Veneta profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
Your consent, w hen you answer surveys or customer satisfaction questions or when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies.
Or your consent to cookies, when we u se cookies or other online advertising technologies
Or your consent to cookies, when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies
Qatar and China
Sharing necessary information with auditors, law firms and similar corporate professional service providers, data analysis providers
Compliance with a legal obligation,
Or your consent when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies
This section applies when you provide prior express consent to receive text messages or instant messages from Bottega Veneta . Messages that you may receive from us may include one time or recurring text or instant messages relating to our products, our services, our activities or including any other information that you have requested. At enrollment for recurring messaging programs, we will specify the approximate frequency of messages.
You may opt-out of receiving future messages by texting STOP to the number indicated in our message. For help or for more information, you may contact us at privacy@bottegaveneta.com (or see How can you contact us? ).
Messages are subject to the terms and conditions of your mobile carrier. Standard message and data rates may apply. Marketing and non-marketing text and instant messages may be sent to your mobile number using an automatic dialing system.
We cannot guarantee timing or receipt of the messages, as this may be affected by forces outside of our control. In the event that a message is delayed, or not received, we are not responsible for any related impacts.
You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you change your mobile phone number, you agree to opt out of receipt of texts and instant messages prior to changing your mobile number.
What personal information do we collect
General information
Category
Purpose of processing
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers, including information about your vehicle.
This set of personal information enables us to identify you, manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide you with customer service and assistance and, in some cases, to contact you, including by sending you relevant information and tailored marketing content.
In addition, some of our goods may be equipped with tags (e.g. RFID or NFC) and/or a printed code, which could be associated with your personal information, in order to detect security incidents and to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
This data (e.g. recordings of customer service calls, tags (e.g. RFID or NFC) and/or printed codes which could be associated with your personal information) is processed to answer your queries, detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for compliance management.
Characteristics of classes protected under federal or California law
We will always try to avoid collecting and using the information in the list below. However, this may occur in cases where no other option is available. In this event, we will take steps to minimise the data collected, use the highest level of care and always comply with the applicable privacy legislation (in particular, by seeking for your consent where required).
It could include familial status, disability, sex, national origin, religion, color, race, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, ancestry, source of income, age, or genetic information.
Categories of information collected over the past 12 months.
Please note that the categories mentioned in this section What personal information do we collect? also represent the categories of personal information that we have collected over the past 12 months.
DO WE "SELL" OR "SHARE" YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
As set out in our Cookie Policy, if you choose to enable third party cookies via Cookie Settings, third parties (such as approved analytics and advertising partners) will collect your personal information via automated technologies on our websites, primarily in an effort to provide you with content and advertisements that may be of interest to you and on the legal bases set out in this privacy policy. The choice is yours. You may elect not to send your personal data to them at any time.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you are a Californian resident, subject to certain conditions and limitations, you may have the following rights with respect to personal information about you:
Right of access - You may be entitled to request that we disclose to you personal information we have collected about you, in the preceding 12 months, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the purposes of collecting the information, the categories of third parties we have shared the information with, and the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties for a business purpose.
Right of data portability – In some instances, you may have the right to receive the information about you in a portable and readily usable format.
Right to have personal information erased – Subject to certain conditions, you may be entitled to request that we delete personal information about you. We will not delete personal information about you when the information is required to fulfill a legal obligation, is necessary to exercise or defend legal claims, or where we are required or permitted to retain the information by law.
If you chose to exercise any of these rights, we will not discriminate against you on the basis of choosing to exercise your privacy rights. We may, however, charge a different rate or provide a different level of service to the extent permitted by law.
If you are a California resident you also have the right to submit a Shine the Light Request, which means you may request that we provide you with a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, as well as the identity of those third parties. Any such disclosures will be made consistent with your choices in Cookie Settings. You may contact us at the information below for a listing.
Verification of your request
Before providing you with the above rights, we must be able to verify your identity. In order to verify your identity, you will need submit information about yourself, including, to the extent applicable, providing your account login credentials or other account information, answers to security questions, your name, government identification number we already have on file, date of birth, contact information, or other personal identifying information. We will match this information against information we have previously collected about you to verify your identity and your request. To the extent you maintain an account with us, we will require you to login to that account as part of submitting your request. If we are unable to verify your identity as part of your request, we will not be able to satisfy your request. We are not obligated to collect additional information in order to enable you to verify your identity. For deletion requests, you will be required to submit a verifiable request for deletion and then to confirm separately that you want personal information about you deleted.
How to make your request
You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a Californian resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at privacy@bottegaveneta.com , by completing the form available here or calling our toll-free number +1 646 889 1945.
When can you expect to hear from us
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and provide information about how we will process the request, including the verification process and expected response time. Please allow up to forty-five (45) days for a response, from the day the request is received. We may require an additional forty-five (45) calendar day extension.
Additional Information: to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. This statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please contact privacy@bottegaveneta.com or +1 646 889 1945 to request this statement in an alternative format.
Terms of Use of the Website
Date: February 2021
Welcome to www.bottegaveneta.com (” Website ”).
The Website is operated by BV ECOMMERCE SRL, a limited company incorporated under the laws of Italy, with a share capital of 10,000.00 € with registered office at 1 Località Conti Maltraverso, 36054 Montebello Vicentino, Italy, registered with the Italian Register of Enterprises of Vicenza under no.04279060240, with VAT number 04279060240, subject to the management and coordination of Kering Holland NV (“ BOTTEGA VENETA ” or ” we ”, ” us ”, ” our ”).
The Website’s publishing director is Mr. Andrea Cottini. The Website is hosted by Salesforce.com, EMEA Private Limited Company (Ltd) – Village 9, Floor 26 Salesforce Tower; 110 Bishopsgate, London, UK EC2N 4AY - +44(0)2031477600.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE OF THE WEBSITE (the “ ToU ”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE.
These ToU applies to your access to, and use of, the Website, and the services available through the Website (“ Services ”).
When accessing the Website and using the Services for the first time, you will be asked to agree to these ToU. If you do not agree to be bound by these ToU, you must cease using the Website or the Services .
We reserve the right to amend or update all or part of these ToU from time to time at our discretion. We will always post the most current version of these ToU on the Website and display the ”Last Updated” date to reflect the date of the changes. Please consult these ToU from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding to you.
Please note that, when visiting the Website for the first time after changes to the ToU have been uploaded, you will be asked to agree to the updated ToU. If you do not agree with the revised ToU, please stop using the Website.
1. Accessing the Website, Registration and Subscription to the Services
1.1. You are responsible for making all the necessary arrangements for you to have access to the Website. You may set-up an account or subscribe on the Website to our Services as available from time to time, using an email address and password (“ Account Details ”). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Account Details and accept sole risk for all activities that occur under them (including the activities of persons who access our Website using your Account Details). You agree to notify us if you become aware of, or suspect, any unauthorized use of your Account Details. Any information and details provided by you to us must be accurate, true and up to date in all respects and at all times.
1.2. The Services are generally not intended for persons under the age of majority in your country or for adults under guardianship. If you are under this age, please do not use the Website or register for, or subscribe to, the Services. If we learn that you are under this age (or fraudulently misrepresented your age during the registration or subscription process), we will promptly cancel your registration, or subscription, if any, and stop providing you with the Services. We advise parents or guardians of minors or guardians of adults under guardianship using the Website that is important that they communicate with such minors or adults under guardianship, as applicable, about their safety online and potential risks on them.
2. Privacy and Cookie Policies
2.1 Our Privacy Policy governs the use and processing of the personal data we collect from, or provided by, you through the Website. Before uploading or providing any personal data to the Website, please read carefully our Privacy Policy available at https://www.bottegaveneta.com/en-en/legal-notices/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html .
2.2 The Website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you have allowed cookies to be used, please consult our Cookie Policy available at https://www.bottegaveneta.com/en-en/legal-notices/cookie-policy/cookie-policy.html to find out the type of personal data that may be processed by us.
3. Use of the Website
3.1 You agree that in using the Website, you will not:
- provide false or otherwise misleading information or impersonate another person;
- use anyone else’s account without the permission of the account holder;
- use the Website in any way that interrupts, causes or may cause damage to the Website, impairs the Website’s availability or accessibility or renders the Website less efficient;
- circumvent or attempt to circumvent the Website’s security measures and tamper with the technology that forms part of the Website;
- obtain or attempt to obtain any information, materials or documents not purposely made available through the Website through any means (such as personal data, financial or other confidential or sensitive information);
- breach any applicable law;
- use the Website for any unlawful purpose or in a way which infringes the rights of any third parties;
- upload, post or otherwise transmit via the Website any content that:
o is misleading, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, offensive, violent, obscene, pornographic, vulgar, libellous, racially, ethnically, religiously or otherwise inappropriate;
o constitutes unauthorized disclosure of personal data or confidential information;
o infringes the intellectual property rights of any party;
o contains viruses or other form of malware.
3.2 We reserve the right to cancel your registration or subscription, and/or block your account and/or deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to the Website and to the Services at any time, without notice and without liability to you, if your use of the Website is in breach of any of your obligations under these ToU, or any other provisions of these ToU, without prejudice to any other remedies available to us under applicable law and under these ToU.
4. Electronic Services
Certain parts of the Services may need to be provided through electronic communication channels (e.g. e-mail, SMS, phone). You agree that we may contact you for Services - related issues - by SMS, e-mail or other electronic technology and you acknowledge that, in some jurisdictions, use of the mobile services may result in charges imposed on you by your network provider and that you will be responsible for such charges.
5. Intellectual Property Rights
5.1 Our Website and all of the information and materials included on it including the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics, organization of the contents of the Website, photographs, images, illustrations, text, fonts, video, music, sound, audio clips, logos, trademarks - whether they are registered or not, figurative or not - all other marks, service marks, brand names, trade or business names, domain names and URLs, software (“ Content ”) are owned or licensed by Kering Group, and are protected by applicable copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property laws around the world. Kering Group and We reserve all such rights.
5.2 You are permitted to download and print Content from the Website for your personal use but are not allowed to use such Content for any commercial or business purposes. You must not copy or reproduce (except where the copy or reproduction is made for personal non-commercial use), publish, disclose, distribute, provide to the public, republish, communicate, display, remove, delete, add to, the Website Content or create derivative works of any of the Website Content for any purpose, unless authorized to do so in writing by us or our licensors.
5.3 Any use which is not expressly permitted by these ToU is prohibited. Unauthorized use of the Website or the Content contained on it may violate applicable intellectual property laws or other laws.
6. Submitted Materials
6.1. We appreciate hearing from you. You acknowledge and agree that any suggestion, proposal, creative ideas, concepts, photos, text or any other contents and materials (with the exception of personal information) uploaded or sent to us through this Website or otherwise (“ Submitted Materials ”) will be considered non confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in the Submitted Materials, but by uploading Submitted Materials, you hereby grant us a worldwide, irrevocable, free of charge, non-exclusive license to use, operate, store, copy, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute and make it available to third parties any such Submitted Materials, or any part thereof, in any form and media now known or which shall become known in the future for any purpose, including advertising, promotional or products development or other commercial purposes, and for the duration of protection of such Submitted Materials.
6.2. Whenever you upload content or Submitted Materials to our Website, or make contact with other users of our Website, you must comply with the “Use of the Website” provisions set out above in Section 3.1.
6.3. You are fully responsible for the content or accuracy of any Submitted Material or any postings you make.
6.4. We reserve the right to reject or delete any Submitted Materials or remove any postings you make on the Website, for any or no reasons, including if such Submitted Materials or postings, in our judgment, violate these ToU and in particular do not comply with the “Use of the Website” provisions set out above in Section 3.1.
7. Links
Links to Third Party Sites
7.1 The Website may include links to third-parties’ websites (“ Linked Sites ”). We have no control over such Linked Sites and will not be responsible or liable for the availability of the Linked Sites or for their content.
7.2 These links are provided solely for your convenience to provide further information and the inclusion of such links does not constitute, and should not be interpreted as, in any way, an endorsement by us of such Linked Sites or their contents, products or services, their privacy and security practices or the manner in which they conduct their operations. If you choose to access Linked Sites, you do this at your own risk. Your use of Linked Sites is subject to the terms and conditions of the third parties operating and providing them. Any question or comment related to these Linked Sites must be addressed to the relevant operators.
Links to our Website
7.3 You are not permitted to frame the Website or its Content on any other website, or to link to our Website, any page of it and/or to the Content, without our prior written consent.
8. Exclusion of Warranties
8.1 This Website, its Content and Services are provided free of charge on an “as-is” and “as available” basis. Although we make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Website is accessible at all times (except during maintenance) and secure we exclude, all warranties or guarantees in connection with this Website, its Content or Services, to the extent permitted by law. By way of example, we do not guarantee that the Website will always be available, without interruption or errors in functioning, or that it will be safe from malicious programs (such as viruses, bugs, malware or similar), or that it is suitable for any particular purposes, and expressly declines any such warranties.
8.2 We work to ensure that the information made available through the Website is accurate and up to date. However, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information (including the Content) or that such information is free from errors or omissions and we make no warranty, and shall have no liability, in respect of the same. We reserve the right to update and/or correct the information, Content or the Website at any time without notice and without any liability.
9. Limitation of Liability
9.1 We accept liability to you for direct losses and damages caused by our breach of our obligations under these ToU. Subject to Section 9.3 below, our aggregate liability under these ToU shall in no event exceed the price of the product purchased by you on the Website.
9.2 To the maximum extent permitted by law, you also undertake that you will not claim any possible compensation from us, our licensors, service providers, distributors, managers or directors in any form, including but not limited to:
(i) losses and damages not caused by our breach;
(ii) indirect losses and damages;
(iii) losses or damages arising out or resulting from the use of the Website, the Services, the Content, any Linked Site or the inability to use the same, or in connection with any failure of performance, delay in operation and transmission, interruption, error, omission, virus or Website failure;
(iv) losses or damages which you may incur, including without limitation as a result of:
a. your failure to safeguard your Account Details,
b. any reliance placed by you on the accuracy and completeness of the Website, the Content or the Submitted Material, or
c. any changes we may make to the Website, the Services and the Content, or
d. any temporary interruption or permanent cessation in the provision of the Services and Content;
(v) failure to meet any of our obligations under these ToU where such failure is due to a force majeure event.
9.3 Nothing in these ToU limits or excludes our liability for (i) death and personal injury caused by our negligence; (ii) for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation and gross negligence or (iii) for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law.
9.4 As the Services are provided free of charge, you are responsible for evaluating the information and content obtained through the Website. By using the Website, you undertake all risks connected to the relevant use and to take full responsibility for any failure in the use, loss of data, and costs associated with all necessary services and maintenance of hardware and/or software.
10. Disclaimer
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify us, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective directors, non-executive directors and employees against any loss, liability, claim or requirement (even if claimed by third parties) caused by your breach of these ToU using this Website and its Services, and/or your breach of these ToU, and/or any breach or your representation and warranties under these ToU, including reasonable attorney’s fees and/or any liability to third parties caused by Submitted Materials during Services’ transmission.
11. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
11.1 These ToU and any matter relating to your access to, or use of, the Website shall be governed by and will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Italy (without reference to its conflict of law provisions), subject to any mandatory provision of the law of the country of your place of residence.
11.2 You and we agree to submit any dispute arising out of, or relating to, these ToU including the validity, interpretation, breach or termination thereof, to the jurisdiction of the competent courts.
12. Contact us
If you have any questions about these ToU, the Website or the Services, you can contact us in one of the following ways:
- By post at BOTTEGA VENETA 1 Località Conti Maltraverso, 36054 Montebello Vicentino, Italy
- By telephone at +39 02 81 48 19 66
- By email at customercare@bottegaveneta.com
You may also go to the “Customer Care” page on the Website to leave a web message and we will reply to you via email.
Vulnerability Disclosure Privacy
Pouf - Terms & Conditions
BOTTEGA VENETA - GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DISTANCE SALES OF PRODUCTS (OTHER THAN ON THE WEBSITE)
The following General Terms and Conditions for Distance Sales of Products (other than on the Seller’s Website) (the “Terms”) shall govern exclusively the offer and distance sale of products (i) by telephone or (ii) finalized and paid online following an in-store order, by Bottega Veneta, incorporated and registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of Montebello Vicentino under number 04279060240, whose registered office is at Localita' Conti Maltraverso 1, 36054 Montebello Vicentino, Vicenza 36054, ITALY, with VAT number 04279060240 (the “Seller” or “We”). These Terms do not apply to sales made on https://www.bottegaveneta.com (the “Website”).
1. SELLER TO CONSUMER TRANSACTIONS
1.1 The Seller offers products for sale exclusively to end purchasers who are consumers and are 18 years old or over (“Consumers” or “You”).
1.2 A Consumer is an individual who is acting for purposes that are outside his or her trade, business or profession. If You are not a Consumer, please do not buy any products from the Seller via this method.
1.3 The Seller reserves the right not to accept any orders (i) received from clients who are not Consumers, or (ii) which do not comply with these Terms. Each order will be governed by the relevant version of the Terms applicable in the country in which delivery of the products is requested by you. Applicable Product price will be that applicable in the country in which delivery of the products is requested by you.
1.4 These Terms will govern the offer and acceptance of purchase orders of products between the Seller and the Consumer placed (i) by telephone or (ii) in-store and finalized online via a payment link, as well as the delivery of products.
2. HOW TO COMPLETE A DISTANCE PURCHASE (OTHER THAN ON THE WEBSITE) WITH THE SELLER
2.1 In order to place an order for the purchase of one or more product(s) with the Seller, You must:
a) Either call the Customer Service at +39 02 82 950 290 or one of the Seller’s stores; or
b) Place an order with a sales assistant in one of the Seller’s stores.
In both cases, You must provide all the information (such as your identity and contact details, product details, delivery and billing addresses, payment information, etc.) requested by the sales assistant or Customer Service advisor.
2.2 Before placing your order, the sales assistant or Customer Service advisor will inform You of the identity of the Seller, the main characteristics of each product You are considering ordering and corresponding unit price (including all applicable fees and taxes), payment and delivery conditions, as well as your right to cancel (including the address to which You can return the products) as set forth in Clause 8 below. The Seller will send You a copy of these Terms, by email, prior to the completion of your purchase. Please read these Terms carefully.
2.3 By placing an order, You acknowledge that You have read these Terms and accept and undertake to comply with them.
2.4 After placing your order, the Seller will send You an order confirmation by email, containing a summary of the information related to the order (the main characteristics of the products, detailed information on the price, shipping and billing details), as well as a copy of these Terms on a durable medium (the “Order Confirmation”).
2.1 The sale contract (the “Contract”) is completed once We issue the Order Confirmation.
3. SALE OF PERSONALISED PRODUCTS OR PRE-ORDERED PRODUCTS
3.1 You will be able to order products even if they are not yet available (the “Pre-ordered Products”) and products which You can choose to personalise (“Personalised Products”).
3.2 By way of exception to Clause 6 below, if You purchase, in one order, more than one Pre-ordered Product or Personalised Product with different delivery dates, all such products will be shipped together in one same delivery on the estimated date on which the last of the products is available.
3.3 Please note that, given their bespoke nature, the cancellation right under Clause 8 below will not apply to Personalised Products, which cannot be returned unless there is a defect or an error (and not merely because You have changed your mind).
4. PRODUCTS - WARRANTIES
4.1 The Seller solely sells products bearing the Bottega Veneta trade mark.
4.2 Without prejudice to your legal rights explained below, the Seller does not sell used, defective, counterfeited products or products of lower quality than market standards.
4.3 The features and price of the products are described on the Website product page or in the catalogues available in each shop, although minor variations from images and descriptions can occur including due to colour reproduction in product photographs.
4.4 All products sold by the Seller will bear an identification tag attached by means of a disposable seal. If You wish to return the purchased products, please keep the tag and the seal and return them with the products.
4.5 The Seller provides the legal warranty of conformity as set forth in articles 128 et seq. of the Italian Consumer Code (Legislative Decree no. 206/2005 and ff. amendments) and the legal warranty against latent defects as set forth in articles 1490 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code.
As regards the warranty of conformity, You have a period of two years from the delivery of the product within which to act. That said, You are required to exercise such warranty within two months from the discovery of the lack of conformity; otherwise, the warranty is deemed no longer effective.
You can choose between the repair or replacement of the product, in a congruous term, without expenses, unless the requested remedy is objectively impossible or excessively onerous compared to the other remedy. In this respect, please note that one of the abovementioned remedies is deemed "excessively onerous" where the Seller would bear unreasonable expenses compared to the other remedy, taking into account (a) the value of the product lacking the defect of conformity; (b) the degree of non-conformity; (c) the possibility that the alternative remedy may be executed without relevant drawbacks for You.
You are not required to provide proof of the existence of a lack of conformity during the abovementioned two-year period. following the delivery of the product.
You may also choose to terminate the Contract or obtain a congruous reduction of the price, where one of the following occurs: (i) the repair or replacement are both impossible or excessively onerous; (ii) the Seller has not provided the repair or replacement within a congruous term; (iii) the repair or replacement previously provided caused relevant drawbacks to You.
This legal warranty of conformity is applicable irrespective of the commercial warranty which may have been granted.
In addition, You may implement the warranty against hidden defects of the thing sold within the meaning of article 1490 of the Italian Civil Code. In this case, You can elect between the sale being cancelled or the sales price being reduced pursuant to article 1492 of the Italian Civil Code.
5. PAYMENT
5.1 Payment of the purchase price of the products and of the delivery charges must be made by providing your payment card information electronically, within twenty-four (24) hours of the placement of your order with the Seller, using the link sent to You by the Seller by email. Failing to provide your payment card information within this timeframe will result in the automatic cancellation of your order.
5.2 Types of payment cards accepted will be communicated by telephone or in the email containing the link to pay.
5.3 All card details (such as card number and expiry date) will never be used by the Seller for any reason other than your purchase and to issue any possible refund should any product be returned as a result of the exercise of your cancellation right or should it be necessary to provide information to the governmental authorities or other appropriate bodies for the purpose of the prevention of frauds or the notification of fraudulent or other illegal activities.
6. SHIPPING AND DELIVERY
6.1 Deliveries cannot be made to sanctioned countries as per applicable laws.
6.2 The shipping and delivery terms as well as the related charges will be those agreed upon during the order process and set forth in the Order Confirmation. Maximum delivery time is thirty (30) days as from the Order Confirmation, subject to the provisions of Clause 3.2.
6.3 The Seller will send You an email to inform You when your order has been shipped and allow You to track it.
7. CUSTOMER SERVICE
7.1 For any information, after-sales support or claims, please contact the Customer Service at +39 02 82 950 290 or email us from the contact form you will find in the customer service section on https://www.bottegaveneta.com.
8. CANCELLATION RIGHT
Except for (i) Personalized Products, (ii) those likely to be easily deteriorated or perishable and (iii) those which are not suitable for return given their nature (e.g. fragrance), or due to hygiene reasons, You are entitled to cancel your Contract in accordance with the following instructions:
8.1 Right to cancel
You have the right to cancel this Contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
The cancellation period will expire after 14 days from the day on which You acquire or a third party other than the carrier and indicated by You, acquire physical possession of the products or, in the case of multiple products in one order delivered separately, the last product.
To exercise the right to cancel, You must inform the Seller at the address indicated in the documents which are delivered together with the product(s) of your decision to cancel this Contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g., by a letter sent by post). You may use the model cancellation form below which is equal to the one attached as Appendix I, Part B to the Italian Consumer Code, but it is not mandatory. You can also electronically fill in and submit the model cancellation form or any other unequivocal statement via the Seller’s contact form accessible at https://www.ysl.com. If You use this option, the Seller will communicate to You an acknowledgement of receipt of such a cancellation on a durable medium (e.g., by email) without delay.
To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for You to send the communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
8.2 Effects of cancellation
If You cancel the Contract, the Seller will reimburse to You all payment received from You, including the cost of delivery (except for the supplementary costs arising if You chose a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by the Seller), without undue delay and in any event no later than 14 days from the day the Seller is informed about your decision to cancel the Contract. The Seller will provide such reimbursement using the same method of payment You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, You will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. The Seller may withhold reimbursement until it has received the products back or You have supplied evidence of having sent back the products, whichever is the earliest.
You shall send back the products or hand them over to the Seller, at the address indicated in the documents which are delivered together with the product(s), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day You send your notice of cancellation of the Contract to the Seller. The deadline is met if You send back the products before the period of 14 days has expired.
You will have to bear the direct cost of returning the products.
You are only liable for any diminished value of the products resulting from the handling other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the products.
9. PRIVACY
9.1 Please refer to our Privacy Policy attached to these Terms for any information on the processing of your personal data.
9.2 You have the right to register on the relevant national phone solicitation opt-out list.
10. APPLICABLE LAW - DISPUTE
10.1These Terms are governed by Italian law, except in cases where the law of your country of residence requires a higher level of protection that cannot be derogated from by agreement, in which case such law shall apply.
10.2For the avoidance of doubt, the Convention on the International Sale of Goods shall not apply.
10.3In case of dispute, the Seller invites You to contact the Customer Service (see Clause 7), in order to find an amicable solution. If You are an EU resident and if no amicable solution is found after You sent the Seller a claim in writing, You are informed that You can resort, free of charge, to mediation. If You finalize your purchase online, You can also submit your claims on the online dispute resolution website (http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/) of the European Commission, which will transmit your claim to the relevant mediator.
10.4In any case, any dispute may be brought to the courts having jurisdictions.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Model cancellation form
(complete and return this form only if You wish to withdraw from the Contract)
To: Bottega Veneta, Localita' Conti Maltraverso 1, 36054 Montebello Vicentino, Vicenza 36054, ITALY
I/We(1) hereby give notice that I/We(1) withdraw from my/our(1) contract of sale of the following goods(1)/for the provision of the following service(1),
Ordered on(1)/received on(1),
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper),
Date
(1) Delete as appropriate
Craft in Motion, a film by Bottega Veneta
A rhythmic exploration of the house’s past and present, nature and humanity, and craft and creativity. Through creative director Matthieu Blazy’s vision of craft in motion, the lasting relationship between maker and wearer, an exchange of emotion and motion, is explored at the atelier in Montebello. Directed by Massimilano Bomba.
“The Intrecciato is an extraordinary form of art. It almost becomes a blank canvas for the various processes and for playing around with colours, styles, sizes and construction techniques.”
“The effect and contribution of one person becomes crucial.”
“Real luxury requires time. When creating a Bottega Veneta bag we count days, not hours.”
Showing 12 items
New bags men
Back To School Backpack
Intrecciato Biblioteca Bucket
Small Swing Messenger
Intrecciato Tribeca Top Handle
Multistring Messenger
Large Diago Tote
12 of 76 products
Men's New Shoes
Elio Mule
Ben Lace-Up Shoe
Sunday Slipper
12 of 56 products
Men eyewear
Drop Aviator Sunglasses
12 of 93 products
Deep red
Elevated on a base of Verde Saint Denis marble, this tailor-made, supple Intrecciato of ingredients is housed in an organically shaped glass bottle inspired by the artisanal heritage of the Veneto region. OLFACTORY NOTES With notes of artichoke, vetiver and vanilla, this scent evokes comfort and enveloping ease. • Top Note: Artichoke Symtrap®, Bergamot oil, Carrot seeds oil • Heart Note: Orris butter, Jasmine absolute, Cabreuva wood oil • Base Note: Vetiver oil, Vanilla Bourbon extract, Leather like skin accord CRAFTSMANSHIP • Using an innovative process inspired by the traditional Venetian glassblowing techniques, the bottle design recreates their distinctive mouth-blown air bubbles, giving each piece its unique qualities.
• Product code: 788715VV5709980
Pre Spring 25
30 of 85 products
Women Jewellery
Men's Shopper Bags
Small Diago Tote
Tribeca Top Handle
Baby Sawyer
Small Sawyer
Sawyer
12 of 74 products
Games
Intrecciato Playing Cards
Playing Cards
Frescobol Carioca™ Beach Bats
Skipping Rope
Décor
Galleria Tray
Set Of Two Check Ornaments
Check Ornament
Redstone Glaze Candle
12 of 44 products
Summer Solstice
New Arrivals
12 of 142 products
Men's Belt Bags
Diago Belt Bag
Showing 3 items
Women new arrivals
Brown Straight Jeans
Fleck Viscose Gilet
12 of 204 products
Accademia Labor et Ingenium
Bottega Veneta deepens its commitment to artisanal craft with the launch of Accademia Labor et Ingenium, a new school to foster the next generation of artisanal talent. The name derives from the brand’s founding values, as seen in its original company crest: Labor et Ingenium, “Craft and Creativity”. “Accademia Labor et Ingenium is a key strategic pillar to preserve Bottega Veneta’s unique savoir-faire,” declared Leo Rongone, Bottega Veneta CEO.
Accademia Labor et Ingenium serves as a permanent workshop, where Bottega Veneta new hires and external students can learn from master artisans through training activities, workshops, and courses. The classes are led by a community of Bottega Veneta master artisans and champions the collective ethos that has defined the company since its foundation in 1966. JOIN ACCADEMIA
In addition, they will provide upskilling and reskilling curricula for existing Bottega Veneta employees to promote the creativity and dynamism of the Veneto region and impart the Made in Italy heritage. JOIN ACCADEMIA
Men andiamo
Small Andiamo Messenger
Andiamo Messenger
Andiamo Voyager
12 of 30 products
Men travel
Zip Tape Weekender
11 of 106 products
Large Lauren 1980
Maxi Lauren 1980
Women's Clutch Bags
Knot
Knot Opera
Stretch Knot
Knot Chain
12 of 37 products
Intrecciato Small Bi-Fold Wallet
Intrecciato Business Card Case
Intrecciato Credit Card Case
Intrecciato Small Beauty Pouch
Solstice Medium Bi-Fold Wallet
Intrecciato Notebook Cover
Flip Flap Medium Pouch
12 of 68 products
Women hop
Hop
Large Hop
Mini Hop
12 of 25 products
Resort Locations
This summer, Bottega Veneta opens its seasonal boutiques in new resort locations. Uniquely carved spaces, inspired by Mediterranean architecture create luminous, tactile environments for our resort wardrobe, complete with subtle floral details, soft knitwear and woven raffia accessories.
WINTER 24 FANZINE
True to the spirit of collaboration and exchange at the heart of the house, the fifth edition of the fanzine celebrates the creative process behind Winter 24 collection, as well as contemporary artists who have drawn inspiration – or materials – from Blazy’s designs. Enclosed in a pull-drawer slipcase, printed to emulate the special charred wood flooring of the show space, the limited-edition publication is available on a first come, first served basis in Bottega Veneta stores worldwide.
THROUGH FIVE VOLUMES, THE FANZINE INCLUDES CAMPAIGN IMAGERY BY ALEC SOTH, BEHIND-THE-SCENES PICTURES, A RESTROPECTIVE OF THE ‘ON THE ROCKS’ INSTALLATION IN MILAN, A PHOTO COLLABORATION WITH VYTAUTAS KUMZA, AND COLLAGE ARTWORKS BY JUDY BOWMAN.
Textiles
Intrecciato Patch Blanket
Intrecciato Patch Cushion
Jacquard Check Cushion
Jacquard Check Blanket
8 of 41 products
Do you still have questions?
Mon-Fri 9am-7pm CET
Bottega Veneta and sustainability
Bottega Veneta products are made to last for generations, with an uncompromising approach to durability and quality. As such, sustainability is intrinsic to our history and our values.
As part of the Kering group, we uphold the highest sustainability standards in the luxury industry. Our commitment is to prioritize value over volume and to decouple economic growth from material usage, embedding our vision of modern and responsible luxury, with Made in Italy savoir-faire at its heart.
Today, we build on our heritage in exceptional, enduring craft with an ambitious social and environmental sustainability program, structured around three key pillars:
We engage both internal and external stakeholders to foster a culture of sustainability within our company and throughout the luxury sector. Internally, we raise awareness and knowledge through regular sustainability training programs and empower our employees to contribute to the brand’s sustainability agenda through tools, goal setting, and incentives. Externally, we ensure best sustainability practices across our supply chain.
Green Atelier App
In 2021, Bottega Veneta launched the Green Atelier app, an internal tool that aims at evaluating the sustainability of our products based on five indicators related to materials (traceability, conformity to Kering standards and environmental impact) and suppliers (advance chemical management and working conditions). Through the app, we ensure that all employees have access to detailed sustainability data, speak a common language, and are informed and empowered to make decisions in line with the highest sustainability standards.
Internal Target Setting
10% of the Bottega Veneta annual employee bonus is dependent on sustainability targets. These targets were set across every department since 2019 and reflect the daily operations of each team to encourage inclusive engagement.
Responsible Supply Chain
More than 99% of Bottega Veneta’s direct suppliers are based in Italy. This commitment to local craftsmanship also enables us to keep a moderate manufacturing footprint.
All our suppliers are required to comply with Kering’s Sustainability Principles , Code of Ethics , Product Restricted Substances List (PRSL) , and Statement on Modern Slavery . All our operations are monitored pursuant to the SA8000 certification management system, the leading certification on workplace standards and practices.
To ensure full compliance, we follow rigorous monitoring of our suppliers with audits conducted by specialized teams. Every year, we offer training seminars tailored to each product category and designed to impart best sustainability practices and insights.
We also train and accompany our suppliers to phase out hazardous chemicals following strict requirements beyond standard regulation. Suppliers must adhere to our Product Restricted Substances List (PRSL) to eliminate the use of hazardous chemicals, as well as the MRSL (Manufacturing Restricted Substances List) . Through Kering, Bottega Veneta is also part of the Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals (ZDHC) initiative.
In alignment with Kering, we are committed to an ambitious impact reduction program. This includes the reduction of our greenhouse gas emissions by 40% in absolute terms by 2035, meaning that regardless of how much we grow our business, we will reduce our impact. This commitment involves clear goals, rigorous measures, and pioneering innovation at each stage of our supply chain and across our operations, production, stores, offices, and ateliers.
Materials
Our commitment begins with the careful selection of raw materials, prioritizing the most sustainable and durable solutions as defined by Kering’s Standards & Guidance for Sustainable Production .
Bottega Veneta timeline
Sources 100% of our leather from regions and countries that uphold the best environmental, social, and animal welfare practices, with full supply chain traceability.
Prioritizes metal-free leather tanning to decrease the use of harmful chemicals in production.
Uses overstock material to create special hand-crafted pieces in the Reserve Leather series .
Uses 100% organic or recycled cotton in our flannel bags and client advisors’ uniforms.
Uses 75% organic or recycled cotton in our Ready-to-Wear.
Uses 100% FSC certified or recycled paper and cardboard.
100% of our materials certified to the best-in-class, third party, environmental, social and animal certifications, as recognized in the Kering Standards & Guidance for Sustainable Production .
100% organic or recycled cotton in all products and packaging.
100% of cellulose being certified by both the Forestry Stewardship Council and the CanopyStyle initiative.
100% bio-based or recycled plastic and total phase-out of single-use plastic.
Scaling up the use of cashmere and wool derived from regenerative agriculture.
Ateliers
Located in an 18th-century villa, our main Atelier in Montebello Vicentino has been LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) platinum-certified since 2014.
During the renovation of the original villa, we meticulously preserved existing building structures, reusing over 75% of the original materials. We sourced additional materials locally with 100% wood used in the project certified by the Forest Stewardship Council. Eco-friendly measures focus on water conservation, reduced artificial lighting, and energy efficiency. Highlights include 1,200 square meters of solar panels on the villa roof, a rainwater-recycling system, and ground-source heating and air-conditioning to minimize emissions.
Our specialist Shoe Atelier in Vigonza, inaugurated in 2023, is also LEED platinum-certified. The atelier includes measures to reduce its environmental impact such as solar panels, recycled materials in construction, initiatives to support local biodiversity, and the preservation of natural habitats.
Stores
Since 2022, all Bottega Veneta new stores and refurbishments are at least LEED gold certified. We use 100% renewable electricity for all European and American locations and buy renewable energy certificates in other locations where electricity from renewable sources is not available for structural reasons.
Offices
Bottega Veneta’s Milan headquarters comprises two sites at the Palazzo San Fedele and Via Privata Ercole Marelli, with a total of 440 square meters of solar panels. Both sites use 100% renewable electricity and feature several energy and water-saving measures including high-performance presence sensors, lighting regulators, and rainwater collection systems.
Introduced in 2014, the 2,400 square meter eco-food garden at Via Privata Ercole Marelli supplies the company canteen with fresh vegetables and herbs, ensuring hyperlocal ingredients are featured on the daily menu, while providing Bottega Veneta employees with a tranquil outdoor space. Constructed with entirely recyclable or reusable materials, this urban food garden incorporates a minimally invasive lighting system and a water reuse system drawing from a rainwater underground tank.
Fashion shows
We follow Kering’s Green Fashion Shows guidelines for all Bottega Veneta shows. Our sustainability measures include reuse and repurposing of show materials, renewable energy use, low carbon transport solutions, and sustainable catering.
Born out of the passion of a collective of artisans, Bottega Veneta is defined by its extraordinary, innovative craft. This craft builds on centuries of remarkable leatherwork in the Veneto region and relies on the talent and dedication of highly skilled artisans. We consider it both a social and cultural responsibility to nurture this heritage and community. Today, we employ 1800 artisans in the Veneto and engage in multiple training, upskilling, and reskilling initiatives to foster this regional dynamism, promote Made in Italy excellence, and transmit our unique savoir-faire from one generation to the next.
In 2022, Bottega Veneta launched the Certificate of Craft, an expression of our commitment to outstanding artisanal quality and our guiding ethos of value over volume. The certificate offers complimentary care ser-vices on iconic Bottega Veneta products, advocating for the long-term use and enjoyment of our exceptional craft.
Fostering Artisanal Talent
Bottega Veneta employs 1800 artisans in the Veneto region. We consider it both a social and cultural responsibility to nurture this local craftsmanship, thereby promoting the dynamism of the Veneto region, protecting Made in Italy heritage, and transmitting our unique savoir-faire to new talents.
We founded our first leatherwork school in 2006 at the Scuola d’Arte di Vicenza. Over the years, we have also partnered on training courses and programs in leather goods and textiles with IUAV University in Venice, Centro di Formazione Professionale Giovanni Fontana in Chiampo, and Istituto Professionale Montagna near Vicenza.
In 2023, we deepened our commitment to artisanal training with the launch of Accademia Labor et Ingenium . The academy builds on Bottega Veneta’s integral connection to the traditional “bottega” or “workshop”, where a collective of artisans honed their skills and transmitted knowledge from one generation to the next. The name derives from the brand’s founding values, as seen in its original company crest: Labor et Ingenium, “Craft and Creativity”.
Based between the Bottega Veneta atelier in Montebello Vicentino and a dedicated new space at the brand’s manufacturing site at Povolaro Dueville, Accademia Labor et Ingenium serves as a permanent workshop, where Bottega Veneta employees, new hires, and external students can learn from master artisans through training activities, events, and courses. A central pillar of the academy is a comprehensive training program for 50 students a year, with guaranteed employment at Bottega Veneta on completion of the course. This program is led by a community of master artisans and promotes a combined curriculum of manual work and creative experience.
UNHCR Partnership
Since 2020, Bottega Veneta works with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to provide training, mentoring, and employment opportunities to refugees. Working together with UNHCR and local NGOs, we have welcomed refugees from five different origin countries into training programs at the Accademia Labor et Ingenium, and employment at our Veneto ateliers and manufacturing sites. We are proud to have been twice recognized with the Working for Refugee Integration Award in 2022 and 2023.
Bottega for Bottegas
In December 2021, Bottega Veneta launched " Bottega for Bottegas ", a solidarity project to share our love of craft and to support smaller-scale artisans who had been particularly impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic. We have continued this project each festive season since, giving over our advertising spaces, website, newsletters, and store windows to a selection of other “Bottegas” who share our commitment to excellence and exemplify our core values of creativity, craft, and community.
Raintree
Elevated on a base of Verde Saint Denis marble, this tailor-made, opulent Intrecciato of ingredients is housed in an organically shaped glass bottle inspired by the artisanal heritage of the Veneto region. OLFACTORY NOTES With notes of bergamot, osmanthus and ambrette, Colpo di Sole evokes a relaxing radiance. • Top Note: Angelica root oil, Bergamot oil • Heart Note: Orange flower absolute, Osmanthus absolute, Ambrette seed oil • Base Note: Vanilla bourbon extract, Vetiver oil, EcoMusk R CRAFTSMANSHIP • Using an innovative process inspired by the traditional Venetian glassblowing techniques, the bottle design recreates their distinctive mouth-blown air bubbles, giving each piece its unique qualities.
• Using an innovative process inspired by the traditional Murano glassblowing techniques, the bottle design recreates their distinctive mouth-blown air bubbles, making each bottle unique. • Packaging: 100% recyclable using materials such as paperfoam, FSC paper and cardboard containing post-consumer recycled waste.
• Product code: 788727VV5709980
Men Jewellery
Women's key rings
Miniature Sardine
Dog Charm
Cat Charm
8 of 52 products
Knot Earrings
Knot Necklace
Knot Ring
Knot Bracelet
Fish Earrings
Fish Ring
Fish Bracelet
Adam Leather Bracelet
Cards Earrings
Cards Necklace
Men's Backpacks
Crossroad Multipocket Backpack
Intrecciato Flap Backpack
Small Intrecciato Backpack
Intrecciato Backpack
12 of 17 products
SUMMER 24 FANZINE
Bottega Veneta launches its latest, limited-edition fanzine, available free-of-charge in all Bottega Veneta stores, as well as select bookstores, around the globe. The fanzine reveals the creative process behind Matthieu Blazy’s Summer 24 collection, with its celebration of both physical and imaginative journeys. Across four volumes, the publication brings together Summer 24 campaign by Alec Soth, behind-the-scenes images, sketches, stickers, and a travel notebook to transport readers to the campaign shoot in Tokyo and nurture their own real and creative wanderings. “Summer 24 is an Odyssey,” explains Blazy. “It is a journey that is both free and hopeful. A connection to who you once were, who you would like to be and where you want to go. The fanzine allows any reader, anywhere, to join that journey, and to imagine and record their own escapes and adventures – whether in the world, or their creativity.”
For the first time, the publication will also be available in selected bookstores around the world including: Milan: Reading Room, Libreria Bocca and Largo Claudio Treves Paris: Yvon Lambert and Cahier Central London: Climax, Claire de Rouen, the ICA bookstore and Shreeji Newsagent Dubai: Lulu & The Beanstalk New York: Strand, McNally Jackson and Mast Seoul: Still Books, PDF, and The Phrase Shangai: Tsutaya Books Tokyo: Komiyama, Watarium, and Tsutaya Books.
Maxi Andiamo Voyager
13 of 40 products
