adaSwitchActivate
Dior sustainability
Our Commitments
Epitome of excellence and French savoir-faire, Dior is deeply committed, day after day, to sustainable development, driven by a continuous quest for improvement.
Our ambition: to preserve the legacy of our creations, reduce our environmental footprint, and have a positive impact on society. This commitment is built around three essential pillars: a responsible supply chain, environmental protection, and social responsibility.
Responsible Supply Chain
Environment
Social Responsibility
Pick-up in store
Order online and pick up from the Dior boutique of your choice.
Dior Signature Packaging
An example and emblem of the House's savoir-faire
Free Delivery & Returns
Complimentary standard shipping and returns & exchanges within 30 days
Inspire me with all the latest Dior news
Confirm
selectYourCountry
United States (English)
You Might Also Like
Discover
Find the perfect gift
Personalize your gift
Fragrance
Iconics
Newsletter
Find a boutique
Client Services
Maison Dior
Legal
About Personalization
Are you sure?
Your account has been deleted
Receive my Invoice
Be the first to know
* Fields marked with an asterisk are required. Your personal data is processed automatically by Parfums Christian Dior for the purposes of sending personalized communications from Parfums Christian Dior. Your electronic contact details (email) are used exclusively for the purposes of communication with Parfums Christian Dior. To set up your preferred communication channels or to object to them, click here if you have a client account (in “My profile” section of your account), otherwise you can contact us here .
To learn more about the processing of your personal data and to know your rights, you can consult our Privacy Policy or contact us here .
Not a member of DIOR BEAUTY PRIVÉ program yet?
Log in
Forgot your Password?
Shop the new Women’s Autumn-Winter 2025 Collection
Shop the newest arrivals from the Women’s Dioriviera 2025 collection.
What's New For Women
Like an ode to the House's excellence, Dior's emblematic fundamentals are sketched on a series of women's creations dreamed up by Maria Grazia Chiuri. Combining innovation and heritage, these new pieces exalt the contemporary essence of Dior style.
78 Article(s)
filterAndSortButton
New
Dior New Ballet Flat
$990.00
Bath & Body
Explore the bath and body collections
La Collection Privée
Sauvage
Dior Homme
Eau Sauvage
Fahrenheit
Bespoke Fragrance Dreams
Enter the enchanting world of fragrances and uncover the wonders of their creation. Reconnect with your emotions and olfactory memories, they will lead you to the fragrances of your dreams.
section-1
Discover our Makeup Services
The expert techniques of the backstage to illuminate the complexion, magnify the eyes,
sublimate the smile and to adopt the last makeup trends tailored to your features.
Virtual Consultations
Elevate your look and your Dior experience. Book an online consultation for expert artistry tips, application techniques, personalized product recommendations and more.
Join us for an exclusive glimpse inside the world of Dior, led by industry icons and attended by luxury lovers coast to coast. To discover the insider secrets and expert techniques that will elevate your beauty to new heights, register now to secure your front-row seat.
A revolution that became a legend, Eau Sauvage men's fragrance is the epitome of French elegance. A composition with iconic freshness and a chic, mischievous spirit.
Francis Kurkdjian
Perfume Creation Director at Parfums Christian Dior
A graduate of the prestigious International Perfume Institute in Versailles (ISIPCA), Francis Kurkdjian has enjoyed dazzling success in his career. At the age of 25, having admitted that he initially wanted to be a couturier, he composed “Le Male” by Jean Paul Gaultier, which was an international best-seller. Resolutely independent, he made a visionary move in 2001, when he opened his bespoke perfume workshop in the spirit of haute couture, which has never ceased to inspire him. Very soon, he was working with numerous legendary Houses, including the House of Dior, for whom he created two of the three initial fragrances for “La Collection Privée Christian Dior,” Cologne Blanche and Eau noire, under the artistic direction of Hedi Slimane.
He was a trail-blazer when he also decided to open perfume up to a field of possibilities and give fragrance creation an artistic dimension. Since 2003, artists such as Sophie Calle, Christian Rizzo and Sarkis have sought him out to create olfactory works, which provided the starting point for an aesthetic quest to decompartmentalize the disciplines and the senses. He has provided dream-worthy material with incredible olfactory performances in France and internationally, in majestic locations and art world institutions such as the Grand Palais, the château de Versailles and the Grande Mosquée de Paris, as well as at the World Expos in Shanghai and Milan in 2010 and 2015. In 2009 he co-founded his eponymous perfume house. In October 2021, Francis Kurkdjian was named Perfume Creation Director at Parfums Christian Dior.
Behind the Scent
FAQ Couture
About The Dior.com Site (3)
WHAT IS DIOR'S POLICY ON CONFIDENTIALITY? The processing, confidentiality, and security of your personal data is important to us. We are committed to offering you personalized services while respecting your privacy and choices in accordance with the applicable personal data regulations, in particular, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for customers residing in the EU, and those regulations applicable to you as residents of your home State for customers residing in the US. In order to provide you with the same personalized service worldwide, your data may be utilized by Christian Dior Couture entities situated in France and abroad, including countries where the applicable personal data legislation differs from that enforced in your own country or within the European Union. For example, we may need to use your personal data in order to access your purchase history from a boutique. Your personal data might also be processed by Christian Dior Couture for the purposes described above by our trusted third-party suppliers. We take all necessary safeguards, notably contractual, technical, and organizational measures to guarantee the privacy and security of your data and to protect such data from any misrepresentation, damage, destruction, or access by unauthorized third parties. It is important that you can control your personal data. In accordance with GDPR, you have the right to access and make corrections to your personal data, in addition to the right to request its removal, to oppose the use of your data providing you have a legitimate reason, and to obtain limitation and portability as far as this is applicable. You are also able to request to no longer receive personalized communications about our products and services. If you have any questions or concerns about how we process and use your personal data or would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact Client Service Center . You may also contact our Data Protection Officer at the following address: privacy@christiandior.com .
The processing, confidentiality, and security of your personal data is important to us. We are committed to offering you personalized services while respecting your privacy and choices in accordance with the applicable personal data regulations, in particular, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for customers residing in the EU, and those regulations applicable to you as residents of your home State for customers residing in the US.
In order to provide you with the same personalized service worldwide, your data may be utilized by Christian Dior Couture entities situated in France and abroad, including countries where the applicable personal data legislation differs from that enforced in your own country or within the European Union. For example, we may need to use your personal data in order to access your purchase history from a boutique. Your personal data might also be processed by Christian Dior Couture for the purposes described above by our trusted third-party suppliers. We take all necessary safeguards, notably contractual, technical, and organizational measures to guarantee the privacy and security of your data and to protect such data from any misrepresentation, damage, destruction, or access by unauthorized third parties.
It is important that you can control your personal data. In accordance with GDPR, you have the right to access and make corrections to your personal data, in addition to the right to request its removal, to oppose the use of your data providing you have a legitimate reason, and to obtain limitation and portability as far as this is applicable. You are also able to request to no longer receive personalized communications about our products and services.
If you have any questions or concerns about how we process and use your personal data or would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact Client Service Center . You may also contact our Data Protection Officer at the following address: privacy@christiandior.com .
HOW CAN I FOLLOW DIOR NEWS? By subscribing to the Dior Newsletter, you will be one of the first to hear about new products, events and news from the House of Dior. HOW CAN I SUBSCRIBE/UNSUBSCRIBE TO THE DIOR NEWSLETTER? To subscribe to our newsletter, please visit the "Newsletter" section and fill in the registration form. If you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter, click on the link at the bottom of each Dior newsletter. You can also contact our Client Service Center with any questions regarding our Dior newsletter . Our Client Advisors will be delighted to assist you.
By subscribing to the Dior Newsletter, you will be one of the first to hear about new products, events and news from the House of Dior.
To subscribe to our newsletter, please visit the "Newsletter" section and fill in the registration form. If you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter, click on the link at the bottom of each Dior newsletter. You can also contact our Client Service Center with any questions regarding our Dior newsletter . Our Client Advisors will be delighted to assist you.
HOW CAN I ATTEND A DIOR FASHION SHOW? Dior does not sell tickets to the fashion shows. Guests invited to our fashion shows are selected by our press relations department located at our Paris headquarters. However, you can view our fashion shows by going to the "Women" section and/or the “Men” section on the Dior.com website. HOW CAN I WATCH A DIOR FASHION SHOW? You can view Dior fashion shows by going to the Dior.com website, and clicking on "Women's Fashion" or "Men's Fashion". You will find our Haute Couture fashion shows as well as "ready-to-wear" and the silhouettes from the catwalks.
Dior does not sell tickets to the fashion shows. Guests invited to our fashion shows are selected by our press relations department located at our Paris headquarters. However, you can view our fashion shows by going to the "Women" section and/or the “Men” section on the Dior.com website.
You can view Dior fashion shows by going to the Dior.com website, and clicking on "Women's Fashion" or "Men's Fashion". You will find our Haute Couture fashion shows as well as "ready-to-wear" and the silhouettes from the catwalks.
Dior.com (9)
CAN I PURCHASE DIOR PRODUCTS ON DIOR.COM? A product is available for online purchase whenever the word “Order” appears. You can also contact the Client Service Center where our Client Advisors can assist you with your purchases and, if you wish, reserve your articles at the boutique of your choice. Please note that unlike Dior.com, the physical Dior boutiques can only ship to the payment billing address. HOW CAN I FIND A DIOR BOUTIQUE? Dior products are sold in more than 220 Dior boutiques around the world. You can find the list of our Dior boutiques at Dior.com by clicking on "Boutiques" HOW CAN I FIND OUT IF A PRODUCT IS AVAILABLE ON DIOR.COM? Some of our Dior items are available for purchase on the Dior.com website. In order to check the availability of an item, choose the article that interests you on our website and click on it. This will result in one of three things: - If the "Add to Cart" button appears, this means that you can order it online. Please be aware that only the available sizes will be displayed. - If a “pre-order” button appears, this means that you are invited to order and pay for the product prior to its official release date. Please refer to the “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ for additional information and terms. - It is, however, possible that the item you are looking for is not available for online purchase, in which case it will be marked "only available in boutiques". You can also contact the Client Service Center , where our Client Advisors will be delighted to assist you with your purchases and, if you wish, reserve your articles at the boutique of your choice. HOW CAN I FIND A PRODUCT ON DIOR.COM? The products on the website are organized by categories and by product line. Please use the search engine, indicated by a magnifying glass, and enter the key words. All the products with a relevant match to your search will be presented. If you have seen a Dior product in the press (magazine, TV ad, social media, etc.) that is of interest to you and you cannot find it on our website, please contact our Client Service Center . Our Client Advisors will provide you with information on the product features and availability in boutiques. HOW CAN I FIND OUT THE PRICE OF A DIOR PRODUCT THAT IS NOT ON DIOR.COM? We invite you to visit one of our Dior boutiques to discover our selection of items and prices. We will be happy to show you our collections. You can find the list of our Dior boutiques at Dior.com by clicking on “Boutiques” . You may also contact our Client Service Center for assistance Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST). Please note, we are closed the following US holidays: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas Day. We will be closed at 6pm (EST) on Thanksgiving Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve.
CAN I PURCHASE DIOR PRODUCTS ON DIOR.COM?
A product is available for online purchase whenever the word “Order” appears. You can also contact the Client Service Center where our Client Advisors can assist you with your purchases and, if you wish, reserve your articles at the boutique of your choice. Please note that unlike Dior.com, the physical Dior boutiques can only ship to the payment billing address.
HOW CAN I FIND A DIOR BOUTIQUE?
Dior products are sold in more than 220 Dior boutiques around the world. You can find the list of our Dior boutiques at Dior.com by clicking on "Boutiques"
HOW CAN I FIND OUT IF A PRODUCT IS AVAILABLE ON DIOR.COM?
Some of our Dior items are available for purchase on the Dior.com website. In order to check the availability of an item, choose the article that interests you on our website and click on it. This will result in one of three things:
- If the "Add to Cart" button appears, this means that you can order it online. Please be aware that only the available sizes will be displayed.
- If a “pre-order” button appears, this means that you are invited to order and pay for the product prior to its official release date. Please refer to the “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ for additional information and terms.
- It is, however, possible that the item you are looking for is not available for online purchase, in which case it will be marked "only available in boutiques".
You can also contact the Client Service Center , where our Client Advisors will be delighted to assist you with your purchases and, if you wish, reserve your articles at the boutique of your choice.
HOW CAN I FIND A PRODUCT ON DIOR.COM?
The products on the website are organized by categories and by product line. Please use the search engine, indicated by a magnifying glass, and enter the key words. All the products with a relevant match to your search will be presented.
If you have seen a Dior product in the press (magazine, TV ad, social media, etc.) that is of interest to you and you cannot find it on our website, please contact our Client Service Center . Our Client Advisors will provide you with information on the product features and availability in boutiques.
HOW CAN I FIND OUT THE PRICE OF A DIOR PRODUCT THAT IS NOT ON DIOR.COM?
We invite you to visit one of our Dior boutiques to discover our selection of items and prices. We will be happy to show you our collections. You can find the list of our Dior boutiques at Dior.com by clicking on “Boutiques” .
You may also contact our Client Service Center for assistance Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST). Please note, we are closed the following US holidays: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas Day. We will be closed at 6pm (EST) on Thanksgiving Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve.
HOW CAN I CREATE AN ACCOUNT? You can create your Dior customer account by clicking on the " Your Account " section located in the menu at the top of our website. Then click on "Create an Account" and fill in the obligatory information marked with an asterisk. Finally, click on "Validate". You will be sent a confirmation email to the address provided when creating your account. If you require assistance or further information, please contact our Client Service Center . WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES OF CREATING AN ACCOUNT? Creating an account on Dior.com enables you to be identified quickly by Dior when you make online purchases. You can also: - consult your order history - track the delivery of your orders - exchange or return products - update your contact information For your security, Dior.com does not save your credit card information. CAN I MAKE CHANGES OR CANCEL MY ACCOUNT ON DIOR.COM? You can modify the information on your Dior account by clicking on " Your account ". Enter your user ID and your password and, once you are logged in, click on "My profile" to change or delete information. If you want to delete your account, please contact our Client Service Center where a Client Advisor will assist you with the steps to follow. HOW CAN I FIND MY ACCOUNT PASSWORD? If you forget your password, click on " Your account " and then on "Forgot my password". An email will be sent to you to reset your password.
HOW CAN I CREATE AN ACCOUNT?
You can create your Dior customer account by clicking on the " Your Account " section located in the menu at the top of our website. Then click on "Create an Account" and fill in the obligatory information marked with an asterisk. Finally, click on "Validate". You will be sent a confirmation email to the address provided when creating your account. If you require assistance or further information, please contact our Client Service Center .
WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES OF CREATING AN ACCOUNT?
Creating an account on Dior.com enables you to be identified quickly by Dior when you make online purchases. You can also: - consult your order history - track the delivery of your orders - exchange or return products - update your contact information
For your security, Dior.com does not save your credit card information.
CAN I MAKE CHANGES OR CANCEL MY ACCOUNT ON DIOR.COM?
You can modify the information on your Dior account by clicking on " Your account ". Enter your user ID and your password and, once you are logged in, click on "My profile" to change or delete information. If you want to delete your account, please contact our Client Service Center where a Client Advisor will assist you with the steps to follow.
HOW CAN I FIND MY ACCOUNT PASSWORD?
If you forget your password, click on " Your account " and then on "Forgot my password". An email will be sent to you to reset your password.
HOW CAN I PLACE AN ONLINE ORDER? Some of our Dior products are available for purchase on Dior.com. To place an order, add a product to your basket by clicking “Add to Cart” or “Pre-Order” on the selected product page. Please also select the size and quantity you want to order, if required. Once you have selected your items, complete your order by clicking on “My basket” and then “Proceed to Checkout”. You can then modify or validate your basket and select your delivery method before making your payment. You will be asked to complete your delivery and billing address by selecting one of the following three options: - log on to your Dior account if you already have one - create a Dior account if you are ordering for the first time on Dior.com - continue as a guest; this option enables you to place an order without creating an account, but your order history will not be saved. Select your method of payment and fill in the information to complete your order. Within a few minutes, you will receive an email confirming your order. When your order is shipped, you will receive a second email with a tracking number so that you can track your package's shipping. For additional terms applicable to pre-orders, please refer to “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ. For further information, do not hesitate to contact the Client Service Center. HOW CAN I GET HELP WITH PLACING MY ORDER? Our Client Advisors are available to help you with your order. You can contact our Client Service Center from Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST). Please note, we are closed the following US holidays: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas Day. We will be closed at 6pm (EST) on Thanksgiving Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve. CAN I CANCEL OR CHANGE MY ORDER? Orders of in-stock items process quickly to ensure they arrive to you as soon as possible, due to this, modifications to your order details are not possible. Should you need to cancel, please contact the Client Service Center – our Client Advisors will do their best to assist you with your request. For terms applicable to pre-orders, please refer to the “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ. HOW CAN I ACCESS MY ORDER HISTORY? If you have created a Dior customer account, you can view your order history. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may then select your desired order to view the details of your purchase, the status of your shipment, and information on your returns. If you have placed an order as a guest and wish to obtain your order information, you may visit the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page. HOW IS MY ORDER PREPARED? After you have validated your order, it will be processed as quickly as possible. For Standard, Express and Saturday Delivery, you will receive an email notification once your unique UPS tracking number is generated and your order is ready to ship. To provide you with the Dior experience, we pay particular attention to the preparation of your order. Each order is prepared in a Dior workshop, and individually packaged in a seasonal or iconic Dior gift box. The Dior gift box is then inserted into discreet packaging that will protect it during shipping . There may be a number of select products that are not presented with a Dior gift box. Products that include a dust bag will have this indicated within the product description on Dior.com. Relevant products will include warranties and/or authentication certificates and a return label will be included with each order. HOW CAN I GET A RECEIPT FOR MY ONLINE PURCHASE? If you have created a Dior customer account, you can view your order history. Simply, log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may select "View Invoice” to download your receipt. If you have placed an order as a guest, you may view your Dior invoice by using your order number and email on the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page. Once logged in, you may select "View Invoice” to download your receipt. Orders purchased on Dior.com are not eligible to have their receipt reprinted at a Dior boutique or at an authorized Dior Retailer. By the same token, a receipt from our Dior boutiques or from an authorized Dior Retailer may not be reprinted through Dior.com. WHY WAS MY ORDER/ITEM CANCELLED? Orders can be cancelled when the item is no longer available, the order is abnormal (for example, the order does not meet the standard terms and conditions, an inaccurate delivery address, placed by a customer with whom there is an outstanding or previous dispute or an order that exceeds the order thresholds) or due to an exceptional technical issue. Pre-orders may be cancelled if the item is unable to be shipped within 30 days of the shipment date provided at the time you placed the pre-order. For additional terms applicable to pre-orders, please refer to the “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ. Orders are intended to be sold exclusively to end buyers for their personal needs and are not intended for resell or commercial purposes. If commercial activity is suspected, orders can be cancelled. When an order is cancelled, we will inform you by email and/or telephone as soon as possible. Please contact the Client Service Center if you have additional questions. WHY WAS MY ORDER/ITEM NO LONGER IN STOCK? We pay particular attention to ensure the accuracy of product availability on Dior.com. However, there may be times the product(s) ordered are no longer available due to limited availability. When this happens, we will inform you by email and/or telephone as soon as possible. We also invite you to sign up for email notifications should the desired item be made available again. You may also contact the Client Service Center – our Client Advisors will be pleased to offer similar suggestions and alternatives. - WHAT ARE THE GUIDELINES FOR A CUSTOMIZED ABCDIOR ORDER? Certain Dior items are eligible for the ABCDior customization service currently through our boutiques and Dior.com. To customize the product, you’ll be invited to let us know the name or the initials you wish to appear on the item. Every order will be verified by a specialist to confirm the customization request, according to the following guidelines: -Uppercase letters in the Roman alphabet only -No numbers or special characters -Only first names or initials are allowed -Nicknames, acronyms, company names, insults, and brand names are not allowed. The company reserves the right to deny a personalization request deemed as inappropriate per brand’s guidelines. In boutiques, once your request has been verified, the customization process will proceed. In the case of a denied request, your Christian Dior representative will contact you to further assist. On Dior.com, once your request has been verified, you will receive a confirmation email. In the case of a denied request, your order will be canceled and a Christian Dior representative will contact you to assist in the confirmation of a new order. Please remember customized products cannot be returned or exchanged. CAN I PERSONALIZE AN ELIGIBLE ITEM AFTER MY PURCHASE? Our network of boutiques would be delighted to help you with your previous purchase of an item eligible for the ABCDior customization service. You can find the list of our Dior boutiques by clicking on " Boutiques "
HOW CAN I PLACE AN ONLINE ORDER?
Some of our Dior products are available for purchase on Dior.com. To place an order, add a product to your basket by clicking “Add to Cart” or “Pre-Order” on the selected product page. Please also select the size and quantity you want to order, if required. Once you have selected your items, complete your order by clicking on “My basket” and then “Proceed to Checkout”. You can then modify or validate your basket and select your delivery method before making your payment. You will be asked to complete your delivery and billing address by selecting one of the following three options: - log on to your Dior account if you already have one - create a Dior account if you are ordering for the first time on Dior.com - continue as a guest; this option enables you to place an order without creating an account, but your order history will not be saved. Select your method of payment and fill in the information to complete your order.
Within a few minutes, you will receive an email confirming your order. When your order is shipped, you will receive a second email with a tracking number so that you can track your package's shipping.
For additional terms applicable to pre-orders, please refer to “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ. For further information, do not hesitate to contact the Client Service Center.
HOW CAN I GET HELP WITH PLACING MY ORDER?
Our Client Advisors are available to help you with your order. You can contact our Client Service Center from Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST). Please note, we are closed the following US holidays: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas Day. We will be closed at 6pm (EST) on Thanksgiving Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve.
CAN I CANCEL OR CHANGE MY ORDER?
Orders of in-stock items process quickly to ensure they arrive to you as soon as possible, due to this, modifications to your order details are not possible. Should you need to cancel, please contact the Client Service Center – our Client Advisors will do their best to assist you with your request.
For terms applicable to pre-orders, please refer to the “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ.
HOW CAN I ACCESS MY ORDER HISTORY?
If you have created a Dior customer account, you can view your order history. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may then select your desired order to view the details of your purchase, the status of your shipment, and information on your returns.
If you have placed an order as a guest and wish to obtain your order information, you may visit the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page.
HOW IS MY ORDER PREPARED?
After you have validated your order, it will be processed as quickly as possible. For Standard, Express and Saturday Delivery, you will receive an email notification once your unique UPS tracking number is generated and your order is ready to ship. To provide you with the Dior experience, we pay particular attention to the preparation of your order. Each order is prepared in a Dior workshop, and individually packaged in a seasonal or iconic Dior gift box. The Dior gift box is then inserted into discreet packaging that will protect it during shipping . There may be a number of select products that are not presented with a Dior gift box. Products that include a dust bag will have this indicated within the product description on Dior.com. Relevant products will include warranties and/or authentication certificates and a return label will be included with each order.
HOW CAN I GET A RECEIPT FOR MY ONLINE PURCHASE?
If you have created a Dior customer account, you can view your order history. Simply, log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may select "View Invoice” to download your receipt. If you have placed an order as a guest, you may view your Dior invoice by using your order number and email on the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page. Once logged in, you may select "View Invoice” to download your receipt.
Orders purchased on Dior.com are not eligible to have their receipt reprinted at a Dior boutique or at an authorized Dior Retailer. By the same token, a receipt from our Dior boutiques or from an authorized Dior Retailer may not be reprinted through Dior.com.
WHY WAS MY ORDER/ITEM CANCELLED?
Orders can be cancelled when the item is no longer available, the order is abnormal (for example, the order does not meet the standard terms and conditions, an inaccurate delivery address, placed by a customer with whom there is an outstanding or previous dispute or an order that exceeds the order thresholds) or due to an exceptional technical issue.
Pre-orders may be cancelled if the item is unable to be shipped within 30 days of the shipment date provided at the time you placed the pre-order. For additional terms applicable to pre-orders, please refer to the “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ.
Orders are intended to be sold exclusively to end buyers for their personal needs and are not intended for resell or commercial purposes. If commercial activity is suspected, orders can be cancelled.
When an order is cancelled, we will inform you by email and/or telephone as soon as possible. Please contact the Client Service Center if you have additional questions.
WHY WAS MY ORDER/ITEM NO LONGER IN STOCK?
We pay particular attention to ensure the accuracy of product availability on Dior.com. However, there may be times the product(s) ordered are no longer available due to limited availability. When this happens, we will inform you by email and/or telephone as soon as possible. We also invite you to sign up for email notifications should the desired item be made available again. You may also contact the Client Service Center – our Client Advisors will be pleased to offer similar suggestions and alternatives. -
WHAT ARE THE GUIDELINES FOR A CUSTOMIZED ABCDIOR ORDER?
Certain Dior items are eligible for the ABCDior customization service currently through our boutiques and Dior.com.
To customize the product, you’ll be invited to let us know the name or the initials you wish to appear on the item. Every order will be verified by a specialist to confirm the customization request, according to the following guidelines:
-Uppercase letters in the Roman alphabet only -No numbers or special characters -Only first names or initials are allowed -Nicknames, acronyms, company names, insults, and brand names are not allowed. The company reserves the right to deny a personalization request deemed as inappropriate per brand’s guidelines.
In boutiques, once your request has been verified, the customization process will proceed. In the case of a denied request, your Christian Dior representative will contact you to further assist.
On Dior.com, once your request has been verified, you will receive a confirmation email. In the case of a denied request, your order will be canceled and a Christian Dior representative will contact you to assist in the confirmation of a new order.
Please remember customized products cannot be returned or exchanged.
CAN I PERSONALIZE AN ELIGIBLE ITEM AFTER MY PURCHASE?
Our network of boutiques would be delighted to help you with your previous purchase of an item eligible for the ABCDior customization service. You can find the list of our Dior boutiques by clicking on " Boutiques "
WILL MY ORDER BE SENT IN A GIFT-WRAPPED PACKAGE? To provide you with the Dior experience, we pay particular attention to the preparation of your order. Each order is prepared in a Dior workshop, and individually packaged in a seasonal or iconic Dior gift box. The Dior Gift box is then inserted into discreet shipping packaging that will protect it during shipping. There may be a number of select products that are not presented with a Dior gift box. Products that include a dust bag will have this indicated within the product description on Dior.com. CAN I SEND A PERSONAL MESSAGE ALONG WITH MY ORDER? Before validating your order, you will be able to write a personalized message that will be printed and included with your order. The message will be printed on a card and inserted into a Christian Dior envelope. WILL THE PRICE OF THE ORDER APPEAR? If you place an order via your customer account on Dior.com, the receipt will be sent directly to you electronically at the email address registered to your account. Price tags will be removed from the items you order. CAN THE GIFT RECIPIENT EXCHANGE THEIR GIFT? Gifts purchased on Dior.com can be exchanged for the same product in a different size and/or color. All exchanges are automatically shipped to the original delivery address. If the gift recipient would prefer a return, all refunds will be issued to the original form of payment. We are unable to issue a credit for products purchased on Dior.com. All returns and exchanges will result in email notifications to the original purchaser. For additional options and assistance with gift exchanges or returns, please contact the Client Service Center – our Client Advisors will be delighted to guide you through the process.
WILL MY ORDER BE SENT IN A GIFT-WRAPPED PACKAGE?
To provide you with the Dior experience, we pay particular attention to the preparation of your order. Each order is prepared in a Dior workshop, and individually packaged in a seasonal or iconic Dior gift box. The Dior Gift box is then inserted into discreet shipping packaging that will protect it during shipping. There may be a number of select products that are not presented with a Dior gift box. Products that include a dust bag will have this indicated within the product description on Dior.com.
CAN I SEND A PERSONAL MESSAGE ALONG WITH MY ORDER?
Before validating your order, you will be able to write a personalized message that will be printed and included with your order. The message will be printed on a card and inserted into a Christian Dior envelope.
WILL THE PRICE OF THE ORDER APPEAR?
If you place an order via your customer account on Dior.com, the receipt will be sent directly to you electronically at the email address registered to your account. Price tags will be removed from the items you order.
CAN THE GIFT RECIPIENT EXCHANGE THEIR GIFT?
Gifts purchased on Dior.com can be exchanged for the same product in a different size and/or color. All exchanges are automatically shipped to the original delivery address.
If the gift recipient would prefer a return, all refunds will be issued to the original form of payment. We are unable to issue a credit for products purchased on Dior.com. All returns and exchanges will result in email notifications to the original purchaser.
For additional options and assistance with gift exchanges or returns, please contact the Client Service Center – our Client Advisors will be delighted to guide you through the process.
WHAT PAYMENT OPTIONS ARE ACCEPTED ON DIOR.COM? Payments are accepted via MasterCard, Visa, Discover, American Express, PayPal and Apple Pay with a valid billing address. Prepaid cards and unregistered prepaid gift cards are not encouraged and may not be accepted on Dior.com. You may also contact our Client Service Center for assistance with your order through a secure payment link. IS AN ONLINE PURCHASE ON DIOR.COM SECURE? All transactions done on Dior.com are secure. An SSL encryption system is in place to protect personal data and payment information. In addition, Dior makes a commitment to you not to save any credit card information. In case of doubt, please contact our Client Service Center to place your order by phone from Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST). WHEN WILL MY PAYMENT BE DEBITED FROM MY ACCOUNT? Upon completion of your Dior.com order, payment authorization will be requested and held. For regular orders, your card is not charged at order placement, the payment settlement occurs when the order is shipped from our workshop. If your order contains multiple shipments, your selected method of payment will be settled separately for each shipment. Should your order incur shipping fees, they will only be charged once. For pre-orders, your card will be charged in full at or shortly after you place the pre-order. This is necessary to ensure you receive your pre-ordered Dior product promptly upon its official release. For additional terms applicable to pre-orders, please refer to the “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ. WHAT SALES TAX WILL I BE CHARGED? Your sales tax will automatically be calculated and added to your order total upon entering your shipping address and selecting your shipping method. WILL I BE CHARGED SALES TAX IF THERE IS NOT A DIOR BOUTIQUE NEAR THE SHIPPING ADDRESS? Dior is required to charge sales tax based on the tax rates of the shipping address regardless of the presence of a physical Dior boutique in that state. The tax rate will be calculated based on the shipping address and shipping method provided during the ordering process. CAN I USE TAX EXEMPT DOCUMENTS ON MY DIOR.COM ORDER? Sales tax exemption inquiries are not able to be honored through Dior.com orders, however, our boutiques would be delighted to assist in-store. We recommend you contact the boutique in advance for seamless processing.
WHAT PAYMENT OPTIONS ARE ACCEPTED ON DIOR.COM?
Payments are accepted via MasterCard, Visa, Discover, American Express, PayPal and Apple Pay with a valid billing address.
Prepaid cards and unregistered prepaid gift cards are not encouraged and may not be accepted on Dior.com.
You may also contact our Client Service Center for assistance with your order through a secure payment link.
IS AN ONLINE PURCHASE ON DIOR.COM SECURE?
All transactions done on Dior.com are secure. An SSL encryption system is in place to protect personal data and payment information. In addition, Dior makes a commitment to you not to save any credit card information.
In case of doubt, please contact our Client Service Center to place your order by phone from Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST).
WHEN WILL MY PAYMENT BE DEBITED FROM MY ACCOUNT?
Upon completion of your Dior.com order, payment authorization will be requested and held.
For regular orders, your card is not charged at order placement, the payment settlement occurs when the order is shipped from our workshop. If your order contains multiple shipments, your selected method of payment will be settled separately for each shipment. Should your order incur shipping fees, they will only be charged once.
For pre-orders, your card will be charged in full at or shortly after you place the pre-order. This is necessary to ensure you receive your pre-ordered Dior product promptly upon its official release. For additional terms applicable to pre-orders, please refer to the “Pre-Orders” section of this FAQ.
WHAT SALES TAX WILL I BE CHARGED?
Your sales tax will automatically be calculated and added to your order total upon entering your shipping address and selecting your shipping method.
WILL I BE CHARGED SALES TAX IF THERE IS NOT A DIOR BOUTIQUE NEAR THE SHIPPING ADDRESS?
Dior is required to charge sales tax based on the tax rates of the shipping address regardless of the presence of a physical Dior boutique in that state. The tax rate will be calculated based on the shipping address and shipping method provided during the ordering process.
CAN I USE TAX EXEMPT DOCUMENTS ON MY DIOR.COM ORDER?
Sales tax exemption inquiries are not able to be honored through Dior.com orders, however, our boutiques would be delighted to assist in-store. We recommend you contact the boutique in advance for seamless processing.
ARE THERE ANY DELIVERY RESTRICTIONS? Items can only be delivered to the shipping address indicated at the time of placing the order (including pre-orders). Addresses cannot be modified once the order has been placed or once the order is in transit. A signature is required upon delivery and cannot be waived. Orders cannot be delivered to hotels, freight forwarders, military bases, post office boxes or United States Territories. Our carrier will attempt to deliver your order up to three times before returning it to our distribution center. ARE THERE ANY EXPORT RESTRICTIONS ? Clients planning to export items are solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws in connection with such exports. HAS MY ORDER BEEN SENT? If you have created a Dior customer account, you can view your order status at any time. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may then select your desired order, view the details of your purchase and the status of your shipment. You will then be able to consult the status of your order: In preparation: the order has been validated and is being prepared. Shipped: the order has been shipped to the delivery address that you provided when you placed your order online. You can track your order using the tracking number provided. Cancelled: The order has been cancelled by you or due to lack of availability of the product. It is also possible that payment of your order has not been validated. If you have placed an order as a guest and wish to obtain your order status, you may visit the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page. HOW CAN I TRACK THE DELIVERY OF MY ORDER? Once your Dior.com order has shipped, you will receive a confirmation email with your unique UPS tracking number included. If you have created your customer account, you can view your order status at any time. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” Select the desired order, and then you may press “Track my order.” If you have placed an order as a guest, you may view your Dior purchase status by using your order number and email on the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page. You will receive email confirmation once your order has been delivered. Please note during peak periods, delivery times may take longer. Additionally, our workshop and/or carriers may be closed on National Holidays or experience inclement weather delays etc. HOW LONG DOES DELIVERY TAKE? Dior offers up to four rapid and secure delivery options. - Standard Shipping : Free for all orders - Express Delivery : $25, Free for orders over $3,000 - Saturday Delivery : $35, Free for orders over $3,000 - Pick-up in Store : Free for all orders, available in select locations Standard and Express Deliveries take place Monday through Saturday depending on your shipping destination, and as early as one day after the order placement, depending on the specificity of your order. Delivery time is estimated from the time your order is shipped. Orders are prepared and dispatched Monday through Friday when placed by 4:30pm EST (1pm on Saturday) or the following business day when placed after. -Standard Shipping(1 to 5 business days): Orders shipping to remote areas of Alaska and Hawaii may experience longer shipping lead times, which will be reflected correctly at checkout. -Express Delivery (overnight on business days): Orders including Fine Jewelry and Watches are automatically upgraded to Express delivery. Standard and Express Deliveries require signature upon delivery and are carried out by UPS. The exact choice of options as well as the delivery date, including the preparation of your order and shipping, will be determined at checkout. A select number of boutiques offer our Pick-up in Store service for items ordered online. This delivery option will be offered upon confirmation of your order if the items in your basket are eligible. Dior cannot be held responsible for any unanticipated delivery delays such as inclement weather on the delivery route. Our carriers will attempt to deliver your order up to three times before returning it to our distribution center. I PLACED AN ORDER BUT I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY PACKAGE. WHAT CAN I DO? If you have created a Dior customer account, you can view your order status at any time. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may then select your desired order, view the details of your purchase and the status of your shipment. If you have placed an order as a guest, you may view your Dior order status by using your order number and email on the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page. If you do not receive your package within the expected delivery timeframes mentioned above, please contact our carrier Customer Service to get an update on the status of your order. For further assistance, you may also contact the Client Service Center .
ARE THERE ANY DELIVERY RESTRICTIONS?
Items can only be delivered to the shipping address indicated at the time of placing the order (including pre-orders). Addresses cannot be modified once the order has been placed or once the order is in transit. A signature is required upon delivery and cannot be waived. Orders cannot be delivered to hotels, freight forwarders, military bases, post office boxes or United States Territories. Our carrier will attempt to deliver your order up to three times before returning it to our distribution center.
ARE THERE ANY EXPORT RESTRICTIONS ?
Clients planning to export items are solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws in connection with such exports.
HAS MY ORDER BEEN SENT?
If you have created a Dior customer account, you can view your order status at any time. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may then select your desired order, view the details of your purchase and the status of your shipment. You will then be able to consult the status of your order:
In preparation: the order has been validated and is being prepared.
Shipped: the order has been shipped to the delivery address that you provided when you placed your order online. You can track your order using the tracking number provided.
Cancelled: The order has been cancelled by you or due to lack of availability of the product. It is also possible that payment of your order has not been validated.
If you have placed an order as a guest and wish to obtain your order status, you may visit the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page.
HOW CAN I TRACK THE DELIVERY OF MY ORDER?
Once your Dior.com order has shipped, you will receive a confirmation email with your unique UPS tracking number included. If you have created your customer account, you can view your order status at any time. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” Select the desired order, and then you may press “Track my order.”
If you have placed an order as a guest, you may view your Dior purchase status by using your order number and email on the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page. You will receive email confirmation once your order has been delivered.
Please note during peak periods, delivery times may take longer. Additionally, our workshop and/or carriers may be closed on National Holidays or experience inclement weather delays etc.
HOW LONG DOES DELIVERY TAKE?
Dior offers up to four rapid and secure delivery options.
- Standard Shipping : Free for all orders
- Express Delivery : $25, Free for orders over $3,000
- Saturday Delivery : $35, Free for orders over $3,000
- Pick-up in Store : Free for all orders, available in select locations
Standard and Express
Deliveries take place Monday through Saturday depending on your shipping destination, and as early as one day after the order placement, depending on the specificity of your order. Delivery time is estimated from the time your order is shipped. Orders are prepared and dispatched Monday through Friday when placed by 4:30pm EST (1pm on Saturday) or the following business day when placed after.
-Standard Shipping(1 to 5 business days): Orders shipping to remote areas of Alaska and Hawaii may experience longer shipping lead times, which will be reflected correctly at checkout.
-Express Delivery (overnight on business days): Orders including Fine Jewelry and Watches are automatically upgraded to Express delivery.
Standard and Express Deliveries require signature upon delivery and are carried out by UPS.
The exact choice of options as well as the delivery date, including the preparation of your order and shipping, will be determined at checkout. A select number of boutiques offer our Pick-up in Store service for items ordered online. This delivery option will be offered upon confirmation of your order if the items in your basket are eligible.
Dior cannot be held responsible for any unanticipated delivery delays such as inclement weather on the delivery route. Our carriers will attempt to deliver your order up to three times before returning it to our distribution center.
I PLACED AN ORDER BUT I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY PACKAGE. WHAT CAN I DO?
If you have created a Dior customer account, you can view your order status at any time. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may then select your desired order, view the details of your purchase and the status of your shipment.
If you have placed an order as a guest, you may view your Dior order status by using your order number and email on the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page.
If you do not receive your package within the expected delivery timeframes mentioned above, please contact our carrier Customer Service to get an update on the status of your order. For further assistance, you may also contact the Client Service Center .
CAN I RETURN OR EXCHANGE A PRODUCT PURCHASED ON DIOR.COM IN A BOUTIQUE? Products purchased on Dior.com may not be returned at a Dior boutique or at an authorized Dior Retailer. By the same token, a product purchased at a Dior boutique or from an authorized Dior Retailer may not be returned or exchanged through Dior.com. CAN I RETURN A PRODUCT THAT WAS ORDERED ONLINE FOR EXCHANGE OR REFUND? You can return any order to us within 30 days of receiving it. Product(s) must be returned in the original packaging, accompanied by any accessories and documents provided (notices, guarantees, return tags, certificates of authenticity). Any damaged, used, incomplete or soiled product(s) cannot be returned or exchanged. All shoes must be tried on a soft, clean and dry carpeted area to avoid any damage to the soles. Failure to do so may result in non-acceptance of your return or exchange. Similarly, personalized items produced according to and/or at the request of the customer, products that have been altered, or sealed items (swimwear, etc.) that have been unsealed after delivery and cannot be returned for hygiene reasons or health protection cannot be exchanged. Regarding bags with MyABCDior badges, by returning a bag on its own, without the badges purchased at the same time, you will no longer be eligible for the preferential pricing you received on these badges at the time of purchase. The amount you originally saved will be deducted from your refund. An item can only be exchanged once, the item received in exchange can therefore only be returned for a refund under the usual conditions. Once your order has reached our workshop, it will be verified by our experts. If the product meets our return conditions, you will be reimbursed to your original payment method, or your exchange order will be processed. Any item that is returned damaged, used, incomplete, or soiled will not be refunded and will be sent back to you. Please allow up to 14 business days for all returns and exchanges to be processed. HOW CAN I RETURN A PRODUCT? Your Dior purchase may be returned using the provided return label within each Dior parcel. You may also log in to your customer account for additional options. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may then select your desired order and manage your choices from there. You may choose to have your return picked up from your delivery address or a new address as well as a preferred time slot. From here, you can also reprint a prepaid shipping label if needed. If you prefer to drop off your package to a UPS facility, please collect a drop off receipt when visiting the UPS location for confirmation. If you have placed an order as a guest, you may manage your return by using your order number and email on the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page. If you choose to return your order through your own means and expense, you will not be refunded for the shipping costs you may incur. We advise to keep all tracking information handy after returning your items for proof of delivery and to take all the necessary precautions to ensure that your product is protected. CAN I RETURN OR EXCHANGE A PRODUCT THAT I PURCHASED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES? At this time, we are unable to accept any returns or exchanges on items purchased outside of the United States. Returns are also limited between Hawaii and the Continental United States. For further information, do not hesitate to contact the Client Service Center . ARE THERE DIFFERENCES WHEN RETURNING AN ARTICLE BOUGHT FROM ANOTHER DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL? Merchandise purchased in a Dior boutique is eligible for return or exchange within 30 days of the purchase date if in perfect condition; refunds will be processed back to the original method of payment; refunds with credit notes may only be redeemed by the customer it was issued to. Purchases made with cash or wire transfer, will be refunded by corporate mail check. Merchandise purchased from a Dior boutique within a department store may only be refunded at any same branded department store with a Dior boutique; exchanges for merchandise of equal or greater value are permitted at any Dior boutique. No returns will be accepted on evening wear, exotic skins, fur, cosmetics, unsealed fragrance, bathing suits, lingerie, sale merchandise, personalized merchandise, special orders, merchandise that has been altered or worn, or on fine jewelry or watches of over $10,000 in value, or on items prohibited by law. When making a purchase through an authorized Dior Retailer, the purchase is subject to their specific return and exchange policy which may differ from a Dior boutique or Dior.com. WHAT DO I NEED TO DO IF MY PRODUCT IS DAMAGED OR IF IT IS NOT THE PRODUCT I ORDERED? If one of your products is damaged or the items delivered do not correspond to your order, please contact the Client Service Center . REPEATED RETURNS We offer a flexible returns policy to facilitate your online shopping experience. We also monitor the number of returns made by our customers. Repeated returns will be flagged and may, at our discretion, lead to the closure of your Dior.com account or refusal of future orders.
CAN I RETURN OR EXCHANGE A PRODUCT PURCHASED ON DIOR.COM IN A BOUTIQUE?
Products purchased on Dior.com may not be returned at a Dior boutique or at an authorized Dior Retailer. By the same token, a product purchased at a Dior boutique or from an authorized Dior Retailer may not be returned or exchanged through Dior.com.
CAN I RETURN A PRODUCT THAT WAS ORDERED ONLINE FOR EXCHANGE OR REFUND?
You can return any order to us within 30 days of receiving it.
Product(s) must be returned in the original packaging, accompanied by any accessories and documents provided (notices, guarantees, return tags, certificates of authenticity). Any damaged, used, incomplete or soiled product(s) cannot be returned or exchanged. All shoes must be tried on a soft, clean and dry carpeted area to avoid any damage to the soles. Failure to do so may result in non-acceptance of your return or exchange.
Similarly, personalized items produced according to and/or at the request of the customer, products that have been altered, or sealed items (swimwear, etc.) that have been unsealed after delivery and cannot be returned for hygiene reasons or health protection cannot be exchanged. Regarding bags with MyABCDior badges, by returning a bag on its own, without the badges purchased at the same time, you will no longer be eligible for the preferential pricing you received on these badges at the time of purchase. The amount you originally saved will be deducted from your refund.
An item can only be exchanged once, the item received in exchange can therefore only be returned for a refund under the usual conditions.
Once your order has reached our workshop, it will be verified by our experts. If the product meets our return conditions, you will be reimbursed to your original payment method, or your exchange order will be processed. Any item that is returned damaged, used, incomplete, or soiled will not be refunded and will be sent back to you. Please allow up to 14 business days for all returns and exchanges to be processed.
HOW CAN I RETURN A PRODUCT?
Your Dior purchase may be returned using the provided return label within each Dior parcel.
You may also log in to your customer account for additional options. Simply log in to your account and click on “Fashion & Accessories orders.” You may then select your desired order and manage your choices from there. You may choose to have your return picked up from your delivery address or a new address as well as a preferred time slot. From here, you can also reprint a prepaid shipping label if needed. If you prefer to drop off your package to a UPS facility, please collect a drop off receipt when visiting the UPS location for confirmation.
If you have placed an order as a guest, you may manage your return by using your order number and email on the "Manage Your Order" portion of our Delivery and Returns page.
If you choose to return your order through your own means and expense, you will not be refunded for the shipping costs you may incur. We advise to keep all tracking information handy after returning your items for proof of delivery and to take all the necessary precautions to ensure that your product is protected.
CAN I RETURN OR EXCHANGE A PRODUCT THAT I PURCHASED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES?
At this time, we are unable to accept any returns or exchanges on items purchased outside of the United States. Returns are also limited between Hawaii and the Continental United States. For further information, do not hesitate to contact the Client Service Center .
ARE THERE DIFFERENCES WHEN RETURNING AN ARTICLE BOUGHT FROM ANOTHER DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL?
Merchandise purchased in a Dior boutique is eligible for return or exchange within 30 days of the purchase date if in perfect condition; refunds will be processed back to the original method of payment; refunds with credit notes may only be redeemed by the customer it was issued to. Purchases made with cash or wire transfer, will be refunded by corporate mail check. Merchandise purchased from a Dior boutique within a department store may only be refunded at any same branded department store with a Dior boutique; exchanges for merchandise of equal or greater value are permitted at any Dior boutique. No returns will be accepted on evening wear, exotic skins, fur, cosmetics, unsealed fragrance, bathing suits, lingerie, sale merchandise, personalized merchandise, special orders, merchandise that has been altered or worn, or on fine jewelry or watches of over $10,000 in value, or on items prohibited by law.
When making a purchase through an authorized Dior Retailer, the purchase is subject to their specific return and exchange policy which may differ from a Dior boutique or Dior.com.
WHAT DO I NEED TO DO IF MY PRODUCT IS DAMAGED OR IF IT IS NOT THE PRODUCT I ORDERED?
If one of your products is damaged or the items delivered do not correspond to your order, please contact the Client Service Center .
REPEATED RETURNS
We offer a flexible returns policy to facilitate your online shopping experience. We also monitor the number of returns made by our customers. Repeated returns will be flagged and may, at our discretion, lead to the closure of your Dior.com account or refusal of future orders.
WHAT IS A PRE-ORDER? If you are invited to pre-order a Dior product, or a “pre-order” button appears on a product page on Dior.com, this means that you have the opportunity to order the product prior to its official release date, and it will be shipped to you once Dior has the item in stock. Dior has developed this option to allow loyal customers the opportunity to reserve special products ahead of their official release, and to better meet demand for certain products. ARE PRE-ORDERED ITEMS IN STOCK? Products available for pre-order have not yet been released and may not even have been made at the time of your pre-order. WHEN WILL MY PRE-ORDERED ITEMS BE SHIPPED TO ME? Dior provides an estimated shipping date for each pre-order item on the product page, which will also be reflected in your pre-order confirmation email. If no estimated shipping date is indicated, then Dior will ship the product within 30 days of the date you place the pre-order. By placing a pre-order, you agree that you are able to wait the indicated time for the product to ship to you, and to be delivered by our carrier. If a delay or problem with preparing the product for shipment should occur, Dior will notify you via the email address you used to make the pre-order, and will advise you of your options in that notice. CAN I CANCEL OR CHANGE MY PRE-ORDER? Changes to or cancellations of your pre-order are generally not possible unless Dior notifies you of a delay or problem. Should you need to request cancellation without having received such a notification from Dior, please contact the Client Service Center – our Client Advisors will do their best to assist you with your request. If Dior cannot ship a pre-ordered item by the estimated shipping date provided to you at the time you completed the pre-order (or within 30 days of your pre-order if no estimated shipping date was indicated), then Dior will notify you via email. That notice will explain your options depending on whether and when Dior expects to be able to ship the item. If Dior must cancel your pre-order, or if you request to cancel it in response to an email providing that option, Dior will provide a full refund via your original method of payment within 7 business days of the cancellation. Please note that, in this situation, Dior is not permitted to issue store or online credit or vouchers, or to exchange a different item for your pre-ordered item. WHEN WILL MY CARD BE CHARGED? For pre-orders, your card will be charged in full at or shortly after you place the pre-order. This is necessary to ensure you receive your pre-ordered Dior product promptly upon its official release. ARE THERE OTHER SPECIAL TERMS FOR PRE-ORDERS? Pick-up in store may not be eligible for pre-orders if there are multiple products in the order. Your finalization of a pre-order means you consent to the terms and conditions laid out in this “Pre-Orders” FAQ section. Please see “Your Delivery” FAQs for Dior’s generally applicable shipping and delivery terms, which also apply to pre-orders except as otherwise explained in this section. Please see “Returning Your Order” FAQs for Dior’s generally applicable return terms, which also apply to pre-orders except as otherwise explained in this section.
WHAT IS A PRE-ORDER?
If you are invited to pre-order a Dior product, or a “pre-order” button appears on a product page on Dior.com, this means that you have the opportunity to order the product prior to its official release date, and it will be shipped to you once Dior has the item in stock.
Dior has developed this option to allow loyal customers the opportunity to reserve special products ahead of their official release, and to better meet demand for certain products.
ARE PRE-ORDERED ITEMS IN STOCK?
Products available for pre-order have not yet been released and may not even have been made at the time of your pre-order.
WHEN WILL MY PRE-ORDERED ITEMS BE SHIPPED TO ME?
Dior provides an estimated shipping date for each pre-order item on the product page, which will also be reflected in your pre-order confirmation email. If no estimated shipping date is indicated, then Dior will ship the product within 30 days of the date you place the pre-order. By placing a pre-order, you agree that you are able to wait the indicated time for the product to ship to you, and to be delivered by our carrier.
If a delay or problem with preparing the product for shipment should occur, Dior will notify you via the email address you used to make the pre-order, and will advise you of your options in that notice.
CAN I CANCEL OR CHANGE MY PRE-ORDER?
Changes to or cancellations of your pre-order are generally not possible unless Dior notifies you of a delay or problem. Should you need to request cancellation without having received such a notification from Dior, please contact the Client Service Center – our Client Advisors will do their best to assist you with your request.
If Dior cannot ship a pre-ordered item by the estimated shipping date provided to you at the time you completed the pre-order (or within 30 days of your pre-order if no estimated shipping date was indicated), then Dior will notify you via email. That notice will explain your options depending on whether and when Dior expects to be able to ship the item.
If Dior must cancel your pre-order, or if you request to cancel it in response to an email providing that option, Dior will provide a full refund via your original method of payment within 7 business days of the cancellation. Please note that, in this situation, Dior is not permitted to issue store or online credit or vouchers, or to exchange a different item for your pre-ordered item.
WHEN WILL MY CARD BE CHARGED?
For pre-orders, your card will be charged in full at or shortly after you place the pre-order. This is necessary to ensure you receive your pre-ordered Dior product promptly upon its official release.
ARE THERE OTHER SPECIAL TERMS FOR PRE-ORDERS?
Pick-up in store may not be eligible for pre-orders if there are multiple products in the order.
Your finalization of a pre-order means you consent to the terms and conditions laid out in this “Pre-Orders” FAQ section.
Please see “Your Delivery” FAQs for Dior’s generally applicable shipping and delivery terms, which also apply to pre-orders except as otherwise explained in this section.
Please see “Returning Your Order” FAQs for Dior’s generally applicable return terms, which also apply to pre-orders except as otherwise explained in this section.
CAN I RECEIVE A DELIVERY IN-STORE? A select number of boutiques offer our Pick-up in Store service for items ordered online. This delivery option will be offered upon confirmation of your order if the items in your basket are eligible. This delivery service is free. HOW DO I PICK UP MY ORDER? You will receive an email as soon as your order is ready for pick-up. Upon receipt, please come to the boutique along with the email that you received and a government-issued physical ID. You have up to 14 days following the receipt of the email to collect your order. CAN SOMEONE ELSE PICK UP MY ORDER? If you cannot collect your order yourself, you may authorize a secondary person (the nominee) to collect your order from the Store Pick-up Location. To do this, you can download a delegation of authority form in My Account > My Orders. Should you authorize a nominee, they will need to bring the following, within 14 days from receiving the email notification: -your government-issued physical ID -their government-issued physical ID -the confirmation email/text -the completed form
CAN I RECEIVE A DELIVERY IN-STORE?
A select number of boutiques offer our Pick-up in Store service for items ordered online. This delivery option will be offered upon confirmation of your order if the items in your basket are eligible.
This delivery service is free.
HOW DO I PICK UP MY ORDER?
You will receive an email as soon as your order is ready for pick-up. Upon receipt, please come to the boutique along with the email that you received and a government-issued physical ID. You have up to 14 days following the receipt of the email to collect your order.
CAN SOMEONE ELSE PICK UP MY ORDER?
If you cannot collect your order yourself, you may authorize a secondary person (the nominee) to collect your order from the Store Pick-up Location. To do this, you can download a delegation of authority form in My Account > My Orders.
Should you authorize a nominee, they will need to bring the following, within 14 days from receiving the email notification:
-your government-issued physical ID
-their government-issued physical ID
-the confirmation email/text
-the completed form
The Dior Selection (1)
WHERE ARE DIOR PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED? When the House of Dior creates products, it pays great attention to ensuring that their manufacture complies with the legislation in effect in France and in Europe. Dior is committed to manufacturing its products in countries that have the best expertise for the product in question. Dior's leather goods collections are made in Europe. Our shoes and ready-to-wear collections are manufactured in France and in Italy. Our watches are manufactured exclusively in our workshops in Switzerland. We produce our haute couture collection and fine jewelry exclusively in our workshops in Paris, France. Our Dior sunglasses and scarves are made in Italy. Our Dior jeans are made in Japan. The House of Dior frequently buys small workshops to preserve these artisan trades (such as leather working in Florence, Italy and watchmaking in Switzerland). In these workshops, the selection of natural materials, as well as the care taken in each phase of the process, perpetuate and renew our tradition of excellence and elegance. HOW CAN I GET A DIOR PRODUCT REPAIRED? Dior offers its customers a range of repair services for any products purchased in boutiques and on Dior.com. If you wish to have Dior product repaired, please visit a Dior boutique. The Boutiques section on Dior.com allows you to locate your nearest boutique. The sales staff at our boutiques will be delighted to guide you and answer any questions. If you do not have a Dior boutique near you or you cannot travel, do not hesitate to contact the Client Service Center . To guarantee their quality, Dior products are repaired exclusively in our workshops by our artisans.
When the House of Dior creates products, it pays great attention to ensuring that their manufacture complies with the legislation in effect in France and in Europe. Dior is committed to manufacturing its products in countries that have the best expertise for the product in question. Dior's leather goods collections are made in Europe. Our shoes and ready-to-wear collections are manufactured in France and in Italy. Our watches are manufactured exclusively in our workshops in Switzerland. We produce our haute couture collection and fine jewelry exclusively in our workshops in Paris, France. Our Dior sunglasses and scarves are made in Italy. Our Dior jeans are made in Japan.
The House of Dior frequently buys small workshops to preserve these artisan trades (such as leather working in Florence, Italy and watchmaking in Switzerland). In these workshops, the selection of natural materials, as well as the care taken in each phase of the process, perpetuate and renew our tradition of excellence and elegance.
Dior offers its customers a range of repair services for any products purchased in boutiques and on Dior.com.
If you wish to have Dior product repaired, please visit a Dior boutique. The Boutiques section on Dior.com allows you to locate your nearest boutique. The sales staff at our boutiques will be delighted to guide you and answer any questions. If you do not have a Dior boutique near you or you cannot travel, do not hesitate to contact the Client Service Center .
To guarantee their quality, Dior products are repaired exclusively in our workshops by our artisans.
Client Service Center (2)
The Client Advisors at Dior Client Service Center will be delighted to provide you with personalized advice and answers to your questions from Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST) by calling +1 800 929 3467 or by email at: contactdiorus@dior.com We also invite you to refer to our contact page to obtain all our contact information.
The Client Advisors at Dior Client Service Center will be delighted to provide you with personalized advice and answers to your questions from Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST) by calling +1 800 929 3467 or by email at: contactdiorus@dior.com
We also invite you to refer to our contact page to obtain all our contact information.
You can also write to us at this address: Christian Dior Couture Client Service Center 510 Madison Ave NEW YORK US NY 10022 United States
You can also write to us at this address:
Christian Dior Couture Client Service Center 510 Madison Ave NEW YORK US NY 10022 United States
Book An Appointment (1)
DO I HAVE TO BOOK AN APPOINTMENT BEFORE VISTING A DIOR STORE? Absolutely not, you are more than welcome to visit our Stores. You can find our stores directly via the « Store Locator ». However, by booking an appointment with one of our Sales Associates, you will benefit from a personalized shopping service, without interruption. Please be aware that the amount of stock in our boutiques changes frequently, therefore we cannot guarantee items availability even if you have booked an appointment. Indeed, if you want to reserve a product in boutique, please see the section “ Find in a boutique ”. IN WHICH DIOR STORES CAN I BOOK A PRIVATE APPOINTMENT? You can select one of the Stores listed on the page « Store Locator » or from the dropdown list available on the booking window section via the « Contact page » . HOW CAN I BOOK AN APPOINTMENT? You can book your appointment by clicking on the button « Book your Appointment » displayed on the « Contact page » or directly by clicking on the book an appointment icon once you select a store via the page « Store Locator » . For your store appointment request, you will be pleased to select on the appointment form, a store and a service. You can choose a date and timeslot which is suitable for you. You will need to fill in the form with your name, surname, telephone number, email address and the purpose of your appointment (for example, Discover our collections and new arrivals). HOW AND WHEN WILL MY APPOINTMENT BE CONFIRMED BY THE STORE? Once your appointment request has been received by your selected Store, we will send you an email confirming the receipt of your request. You will then receive a confirmation email once your appointment has been confirmed by the Store and a Sales Associate has been assigned for you. A reminder of your appointment will be sent to you before the scheduled date, by email (and by SMS if you have selected this preference of contact). HOW CAN I MODIFY OR CANCEL MY APPOINTMENT? You can modify or cancel your appointment, via the link communicated in your confirmation email or in your reminder email. Our Client Advisors are also available to help you from Monday to Saturday from 10 am to 10 pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11 am to 7 pm (EST) by calling +1 800 929 3467 or by email at: contactdiorus@dior.com . HOW ARE MY DATA MANAGED? Your personal data are handled in accordance with Dior’s privacy policy .
Absolutely not, you are more than welcome to visit our Stores. You can find our stores directly via the « Store Locator ». However, by booking an appointment with one of our Sales Associates, you will benefit from a personalized shopping service, without interruption.
Please be aware that the amount of stock in our boutiques changes frequently, therefore we cannot guarantee items availability even if you have booked an appointment. Indeed, if you want to reserve a product in boutique, please see the section “ Find in a boutique ”.
You can select one of the Stores listed on the page « Store Locator » or from the dropdown list available on the booking window section via the « Contact page » .
You can book your appointment by clicking on the button « Book your Appointment » displayed on the « Contact page » or directly by clicking on the book an appointment icon once you select a store via the page « Store Locator » .
For your store appointment request, you will be pleased to select on the appointment form, a store and a service. You can choose a date and timeslot which is suitable for you.
You will need to fill in the form with your name, surname, telephone number, email address and the purpose of your appointment (for example, Discover our collections and new arrivals).
Once your appointment request has been received by your selected Store, we will send you an email confirming the receipt of your request.
You will then receive a confirmation email once your appointment has been confirmed by the Store and a Sales Associate has been assigned for you.
A reminder of your appointment will be sent to you before the scheduled date, by email (and by SMS if you have selected this preference of contact).
You can modify or cancel your appointment, via the link communicated in your confirmation email or in your reminder email.
Our Client Advisors are also available to help you from Monday to Saturday from 10 am to 10 pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11 am to 7 pm (EST) by calling +1 800 929 3467 or by email at: contactdiorus@dior.com .
Your personal data are handled in accordance with Dior’s privacy policy .
Section-1
Eau Forte
True to its pioneering spirit, inspired and driven by the power of the great wilderness, Sauvage conquers new territory with Sauvage Eau Forte, the alcohol-free fragrance.
Section-2
Inspired by the power of water, Francis Kurkdjian has created a composition as fresh as an eau de toilette and as intense as a perfume.
Sauvage Eau Forte
From $160
Section-3
The Inspiration
Section-4
Section-5
Johnny Depp stands in a new universe: the waterfall. Serene, in front of powerful water, echoing the new extreme freshness of Sauvage Eau Forte.
Section-6
Emblematic freshness, powerful and noble scents: discover all the identities of Sauvage fragrances.
La Collection Privée is where fragrance and couture are intertwined to create unique olfactory silhouettes inspired by Dior's heritage.
Fragrances
Esprits de Parfum
Couture Pieces
HOME
The Summer Couture Spirit
The luxurious La Collection Privée fragrances are dressed in the iconic Toile de Jouy motif, featuring fresh summer colors.
The Couture Travel Spray
The Perfumer's Set
Miniature fragrances that offer unique olfactory experiences, featuring the most iconic scents from La Collection Privée.
Fragrances as unique as they are refined, with each note narrating its own story.
Floral Fragrances
The floral fragrances in La Collection Privée are a tribute to Christian Dior’s passion for flowers and gardens. They feature fresh, radiant, delicate fragrance notes.
Woody Fragrances
The woody fragrances of La Collection Privée reveal rich and opulent fragrance notes, and highlight precious woods like cedar, sandalwood and oud.
Chypre Fragrances
Both complex and balanced, the chypre fragrances in La Collection Privée reveal a harmonious blend of floral and woody notes.
Gourmand Fragrances
Christian Dior was a true epicurean who indulged his passions and had a unique zest for life. The gourmand fragrances of La Collection Privée unveil warm, deep notes, each with a mysterious trail infused with indulgence.
Couture Fragrance Caps
Discover a collection of couture fragrance caps featuring iconic Dior motifs – Houndstooth, Dior Oblique, Cannage, Toile de Jouy, Mitzah and Plan de Paris – that embody the perfect union between fragrance and couture style.
A collection of highly-concentrated compositions that embrance all excess.
Esprit de Parfum Couture Set
5 highly concentrated perfume extracts, reinterpreted by Francis Kurkdjian, Creative Director of Dior Perfumes.
The Esprits de Parfum is a collection of five signature fragrances from La Collection Privée, reimagined in more intoxicating and intense versions that embrace all excesses.
The Precious Elixirs
Highly concentrated perfume oils, created from carefully selected, precious raw materials.
Unique olfactory silhouettes inspired by the Dior heritage.
La Collection Privée unveils a collection of couture fragrance trunks that showcase iconic Dior motifs. Elegant cases where every refined detail celebrates Dior craftsmanship.
Couture Fragrance Cases
The beautifully hand-embroidered couture cases are designed to house the 3.4 oz or 6.8 oz eau de parfum bottles.
Couture Fragrance Trunks
La Collection Privée Christian Dior has created couture mini-trunks and bottle cases that are designed to house the eau de parfum and Esprit de Parfum fragrance bottles.
Silky textures and captivating fragrances that transform your beauty ritual into a unique sensory experience.
Hair Mists
Sprayed onto hair or a brush, the fragrance hair mists leave a light and sensual scent trail.
Liquid Soaps
Transform the essential act of washing your hands into a sensorial beauty moment with liquid hand and body soaps from La Collection Privée.
Hand and Body Lotions
The hand and body lotions have a fresh, light and milky texture that immediately smooth and comfort the skin.
Home
Perfume candles and diffusers, designed to enhance your art of living. Unique and captivating fragrances create a warm and sophisticated atmosphere.
Candles
From the moment they are lit, the scented candles create a unique atmosphere and invite the Dior art of living into your home.
Candle Accessories
Transform your scented candles into true designer creations with the collection of candle accessories.
Home Diffusers
The art of perfumed living from La Collection Privée pushes new boundaries with innovative and sophisticated olfactory creations.
Miss Dior
In 1947, Miss Dior was born from this wild impulse, this imperative desire to enchant women's lives, to let them see the vibrant colors of love again. Rose de Grasse, Lily of the Valley, and Jasmine combine to form unforgettable floral bouquets. Flowers as a promise of happiness.
In 1947, Miss Dior was born from a bold impulse - a passionate desire to re-enchant women's lives and let them experience love's vibrant colors. Rose de Grasse, Lily of the Valley, and Jasmine blend harmoniously to form unforgettable floral bouquets
Fragrances​
Travel Fragrances
Gift Sets
Exceptional Pieces
Artist Eva Jospin, a friend of The House of Dior has previously brought dreamlike worlds to life in the set designs for Maria Grazia Chiur's shows. For Miss Dior, she delves into her signature themes, crafting a miniature garden where fragrance, nature, and couture come together in a rare and exquisite bottle.
Miss Dior Original
Dior Addict
The Dior Addict perfumes reveal captivating and enchanting fragrances, blending sensual and vibrant notes.
News and Events
Follow the latest news from the Maison and see all the stars dressed in Dior from past events.
Autumn-Winter 2024-2025 Women's Campaign
Diorigami
Summer 2026
A Dioriviera Summer
The Lady Dior Cherry Blossom
Lady Dior Dior Pivoine
The Dior Toujours Raffia Cannage Bag
Cruise 2026 Show
SCAD Fash Lacoste Presents "Christian Dior: Jardins Rêvés"
Diorexquis High Jewelry Collection
Fall 2025 Women's Campaign
Fall 2025 Ready-to-Wear Show
A Unique Chocolate Creation
The Dior Caro Bucket
The Lady Dior Wicker Cannage
Autumn-Winter 2025-2026 Ready-to-Wear Show
The D-Sketch Sneakers
Spring-Summer 2025 Women's Campaign
The savoir-faire of the D-Journey bag
The B35 NXXT Sneakers Dressed In Raffia
Summer 2025 Men's Campaign
The Dior Normandie Bag
Spring-Summer 2025 Haute Couture Show
Winter 2025-2026 Men’s Show
The Dior Bobby East-West Bag
The Dior Gravity Enhanced By A Mesmerizing Gradient
Christmas At 30 Montaigne
The Cabinet De Curiosités Necklace
The Lady Dior reinvented, exceptional craftsmanship
Dior Unveils Its Christmas Decorations Around The World
The Irresistible D-Lane Mules
The Lady Dior Bag With The Flat Cannage Motif In Black Leather
Dior Lady Art #9
Spring 2025 Men's Campaign
Cruise 2025 Women's Campaign
The Dior Toujours shearling bag
The Lady Dior bag in blue denim with the Graphic Cannage motif
The Miss Dior bag
The Lady Dior campaign embodied by JISOO
The D-Academy Loafers
The Lady D-Sire Bag
Toile de Jouy Candles
The Savoir-Faire Behind the Toile de Jouy Cushions
The Savoir-faire Of An Icon
Spring-Summer 2025 Ready-to-Wear Show
La Cabine Dior
The Savoir-faire of the My Dior Creations
Winter 2024-2025 Men's Campaign
Autumn-Winter 2024-25 Women's Campaign
The Savoir-faire Of The Dior And Stone Island Capsule
Autumn-Winter 2024-2025 Haute Couture Show
Summer 2025 Men’s Show
The Savoir-faire Of The Accacias Jacket
The Savoir-faire Of The Diorama Jewellery Creations
The Dior Nolita Bag
The Lady Dior Bag Embellished With Irresistible Studs
The Savoir-faire Of The Galons Dior Creations
Cruise 2025 Show
The Dior Ange Bag
Unveiling Haute Joaillerie
The Lady Dior Bag Dressed In The Eiffel Tower Motif
The Dior Book Tote In Denim Dior Oblique
The Dior Gravity Weekender Bag
The Savoir-faire Of The Berets In The Dior Fall 2024 Line
The Savoir-faire Of The Paris And New York Prints
Fall 2024 Ready-To-Wear Show
La D de Dior
The Exceptional Savoir-Faire Behind the Rose des Vents Creations
Le Jardin de Christian Dior
The Chiffre Rouge Watch
Autumn-Winter 2024-25 Ready-To-Wear Show
The Story Of The Plan De Paris Motif
The savoir-faire of the Adiorable pumps
Spring-Summer 2024 Haute Couture Show
Winter 2024-2025 Men’s Show
The Dior Book Tote In Macrocannage Leather
The Dior Book Tote bag Dressed In The Iconic Dior Oblique
Dior Toujours Vertical
Les Jardins de la Couture
The Story of La Rose Dior
Dior Grand Soir Automate Étoile de Monsieur Dior
Dior Grand Soir Automate Jardin Rêvé
The Dior Book Tote With The Dior Oblique Motif
Fahrenheit is a fragrance for men built on the clever combination of extremes that attract each other in an almost magnetic way: warm and cold, subtlety and power.
Men
Winter 2025-2026
Diorling
6 Article(s)
Bags
Sunglasses
J’adore
J’adore, an ode to women, their daring and their beauty. From J’adore Eau de Parfum to the concentrate of flowers and water of the Parfum d'eau, the iconic floral bouquet is revealed and reinvented. Striking an artful balance, it expresses all the sensuality and freshness of the finest flowers.
J'adore L'Or by Jean-Michel Othoniel is a masterpiece that creates a dialogue between the artist and Dior’s iconic fragrance. Encased in a rose-inspired design, its pearl-like petals form an elaborate flower, creating a stunning miniature work of art. Each piece signed and numbered.
Contact
Christian Dior Couture Client Services Center is available Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST).
Please note, we will be closed or have modified hours in observance of the following US holidays: New Year’s Eve, New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Eve, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.
Our Client Advisors will be delighted to assist you and provide personalized advice for fashion and accessories. For fragrance and beauty assistance, please click here .
Call us
Our Client Advisors would be delighted to assist you. You may contact us at +1 800 929 3467 .
Service available Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST).
Please note we may be closed or have modified hours during public holidays.
Chat Online
Looking for personalized advice? The option to chat becomes active when one of our Client Advisors is available. By clicking below you confirm you have read the Privacy Statement .
Service available Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm (EST) and on Sunday from 11am to 7pm (EST). Please note we may be closed or have modified hours during public holidays.
Your Order
Check the contents of your order, track its status, or request an exchange or refund. If you already have an account please log in to your account. If you have placed an order as a guest, please fill in the fields below:
In-Store Appointment
Dior invites you to arrange an appointment with a Sales Associate for a personal consultation.
Frequently Asked Questions
ABOUT THE DIOR.COM SITE
DIOR.COM
THE DIOR SELECTION
CLIENT SERVICE CENTER
Delivery & Returns
View the advantages of our delivery and return policies: free delivery, dispatch within 24 hours and free returns within 30 days.
Discover More
Dior gift sets celebrate the art of gifting.
Each exquisite detail is an invitation to a world of discovery and wonder.
Choose your Category
All Gifts
Makeup
Skincare
Explore the bath and body collection featuring the iconic J'adore, the floral Miss Dior and the sparkling Joy in a hair mist, body milk, deodorant and soap.
J'adore
Maison
Dioriviera
Objects
Glasses
Notebooks
Tea & Coffee
Echoing the dolce vita so dear to Christian Dior, Dior Maison presents the Dioriviera collection; refined creations featuring the graphic lines of cannage and the emblematic toile de Jouy in summery variations.
Lily Dior
Les Gris-gris de Monsieur Dior
Ode à la Nature by Sam Baron
Miss Dior by Judy Chicago
The House of Dior has collaborated with American feminist artist Judy Chicago to create an extraordinary case for Miss Dior, a loving tribute to Catherine Dior. This exclusive fragrance, crafted by Francis Kurkdjian, honors Catherine's dedication to the French Resistance while standing as a declaration of free-spiritedness.
Les Récoltes Majeures La Rose
Les Récoltes Majeures collection celebrates Monsieur Dior's beloved lucky flowers through 3 precious fragrances. Housed in extraordinary amphoras and limited to 200 pieces, each creation is reimagined each year by master artisans. La Rose is the second creation of the year, adorned with an artfully crafted cap from the renowned House of Vermont workshops
Les Récoltes Majeures Le Muguet
Les Récoltes Majeures collection celebrates Monsieur Dior's beloved lucky flowers through 3 precious fragrances. Housed in extraordinary amphoras and limited to 200 pieces, each creation is reimagined each year by master artisans. This year's collection debuts with Le Muguet, adorned with an artfully crafted cap from the renowned Vermont workshops.
Miss Dior by Artist Eva Jospin
Men's Fragrances
Discover all of the Dior men's fragrances. Eau de parfum, eau de toilette, parfum, eau de cologne: the House of Dior composes scents that have become iconic, such as Fahrenheit and Sauvage, as well as timeless men's fragrances, like Eau Sauvage and Dior Homme. Also enjoy your Dior men's fragrance in a full routine featuring deodorant, aftershave and scented shower gel.
Esprit de Parfum
A Fragrant Getaway under the Dior Sun
That Scent of Summer...
Colorful, bold, and bursting with joy, experience summer in Dior with a refreshing symphony of scents.
Miss Dior: the Scent of Summer
Hair Freshly Scented with Delicate Floral Notes
Miss Dior introduces a hair ritual—featuring a luxurious hair oil and delicate hair perfume—expressed in 3 signature scents, each evoking a bouquet in full bloom.
J’adore: for a Radiant Summer
Men’s Fragrances: a Balance of Power and Freshness
Take an olfactory escape this summer with the men's fragrance collection from the House of Dior. From the freshness of Sauvage to the sensuality of Dior Homme, your signature scent awaits.
Your Summer in Dior
Explore Bags
Women's Bags
Men's Bags
D-Motion
Lady Dior
Dior Vertical Toujours
Dior Book Tote
Saddle
Joy by Dior
JOY by Dior is a radiant and dazzling floral explosion, a pure concentration of joy.
How can we help you?
Find out more information with our FAQ
Dior assures that all products do not contain gluten in the ingredient formulas. Moreover, as a preventive measure and to go further with the fight against cosmetic allergies, Dior has removed all proteins and wheat hydrolysis proteins from products.
However, in spite of a high attention to detail within the tracking system, Dior can not certify that commodities have not been in contact with gluten during the providers production process.
Only purchases made at Dior.com, the Dior Beauty Boutiques or Dior Beauty pop-ups are applied to your Dior Beauty Privé balance. At this moment, purchases made at authorized retailers do not qualify.
Gifts may not be returned or exchanged for another product.
You can modify the information on your Dior account by clicking on "Your account". Enter your user ID and your password and, once you are logged in, click on "My profile" to change or delete information. If you want to delete your account, please contact our Customer Service where an adviser will assist you with the necessary steps to delete your account.
Yes. If you want to pay the outstanding balance of your purchase early, simply log in to the Klarna website at the top of the page, go to the order page, and select “Pay off early”.
The gift items are fixed for each loyalty status and new/different gift items cannot be requested.
Dior products are made to prevent customers from allergic issues.
When you return items, you will retain your loyalty status but the cost of the item you returned will be deducted from your total amount spent. If you return all the items from a purchase, that purchase will also be deducted from your total purchase count. To qualify for a higher status, you will have to fulfill the prerequisites of that status.
Once we have received the return (partial or full) and you have received their confirmation of this, an updated statement with an adjusted payment schedule will be sent to you by Klarna if you’ve made a partial return. With a full return, we shall refund any payments collected and cancel any future scheduled payments. You are always able to monitor the status of your order in the Klarna app.
Klarna is an alternate payment method that allows you to split your purchase into 4 interest-free payments. To use Klarna to pay for your purchase, choose Klarna in the checkout. Your purchase will be split into 4 interest-free payments. The first payment will be taken from your credit or debit card when your order is shipped. The remaining three payments will be automatically charged to your card 14, 28, and 42 days later.
Gifting is an art, and at Dior, this art is the hallmark of unparalleled thoughtfulness. The Dior gift box is a case with a couture soul inspired by the ateliers at 30 Avenue Montaigne where our couture pieces are created. The ateliers’ exceptional attention to detail is reflected in our art of gifting, making every Dior gift is as extraordinary as it is unforgettable.
Dior Beauty Privé from Dior Beauty U.S. is a free loyalty program that rewards you for your beauty purchases. This reimagined loyalty experience gives you access to a new world of exclusive benefits and rewards. Go to “My account” > “My rewards” on dior.com to discover them all.
Create an account on Dior.com, in a Dior Beauty Boutiques or Dior Beauty pop-ups and you will automatically be added to the Dior Beauty Privé loyalty program.
To sign up, you will need:
1. A US-issued debit or credit card
2. To be 18 years of age or over
3. An SMS-capable phone number
4. A US residential address
Klarna currently accepts most debit and credit cards (i.e., Mastercard, Visa, AMEX, Discover). Please note, prepaid cards are not accepted.
Please make sure that you have met the criteria to receive a gift. This criteria can be found on the My Status page, below the total amount spent.
If you have met the criteria, and are still not able to redeem your gift, it is most likely because our gift items are out of stock. We will send you a back in stock email once we have the gift items again.
Cancellations are subject to our cancellation policy. To cancel your order, please contact us.
Once we have confirmed the cancellation, Klarna will update your payments accordingly and you can check the status of your payments anytime via Klarna’s site or in your Klarna app.
Refund processing times vary and can take up to 14 days depending on your financial institution.
To check the status of your refund, please confirm first we have updated your payments accordingly and check if you might have already been refunded to your original payment method.
If 14 days have passed since the issue of credit and you are still missing your refund, please contact Klarna for further support.
As soon as you create an account, you will reach Pearl status. Pearl status only expires if you reach the next status level. Once you have attained Silver, Gold or Platinum, your status is valid for the next 12 months. If you have not met the criteria of your status at the end of the period, your status will be adjusted to reflect your purchase activity.
Creating an account and joining DIOR BEAUTY PRIVÉ enables you to receive members-only benefits like:
For your security, Dior.com does not save your credit card information and will not under any circumstances share your personal data with any third parties.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Klarna will automatically attempt to collect payment for your payments purchase from the card that you entered at checkout. You can find out when your payments will be collected in the email that you received at the time of purchase or by logging into your Klarna account.
If the automatic payment fails, Klarna will try again after 7 days. If this payment also fails, Klarna will make another attempt after a further 7 days (14 days after the date of the first attempt). Your credit score will not be impacted by using Klarna’s payments product even if you have failed to pay on time.
If a Klarna order is returned or cancelled, a refund will be processed within 14 days of the date the original order was submitted. The refund will be made to the same card used for the first Klarna installment payment.
You can log on to the Klarna website to view the credit or debit card used for the order.
When your order is canceled, you will retain your loyalty status. However, both the order and the amount spent on the order will be deducted from your total purchase count and total amount spent. To qualify for a higher status, you will have to fulfill the prerequisites of that status.
Loyalty members who reach Platinum status before the 1st day of December of the particular year are eligible for that year's Holiday Gift. Loyalty members who reach Platinum status after the stated cutoff date will be eligible for the next year's Holiday Gift. This cutoff date is subject to change and will be announced via email newsletter. For example, if the cut-off date for 2023 is December 8th. Any members who reached Platinum status before December 8th are eligible for the 2023 Platinum holiday gift. Members who become platinum after December 8th will be eligible to receive their Holiday platinum gift in December 2024.
In order to update your email address for email notifications coming from klarna.com, you can live-chat with Klarna’s customer service agents 24/7 by visiting https://www.klarna.com/us/customer-service/, or call to speak to a Klarna agent at 1 (844) 552-7621.
Please have your Klarna account number ready to provide to the Customer Service agent.
If you need to change your email address for email notifications coming from Dior.com, you can log into your Dior.com account to update or contact the Dior Customer Service team.
Purchases may take up to 48 hours to appear in your account. If after that time, the purchase is still not listed, please contact our customer service via email by completing the form at https://www.dior.com/en_us/contact-parfum, or by phone at 877-903-4671. One of our representatives will be happy to assist you during the following business hours: Monday – Saturday, 9 am – 9 pm EST.
If you did not redeem your gift within 30 days of your status being upgraded, you will unfortunately not be able to redeem your gift.
If you have not redeemed your gift and it has not been 30 days since your status was upgraded, it most likely means that our gift items are out of stock. We will send you a back in stock email once we have the gift items again.
You can live chat with Klarna’s customer service agents 24/7 at to confirm payment at https://www.klarna.com/us/customer-service/ or speak to a Klarna agent at 1 (844) 552-7621.
Our Dior ambassadors in Customer Relations will be delighted to give you personalized advice and assist you from Monday to Saturday from 9 am to 9pm EST by phone at 1-877-794-3066.
We also invite you to refer to our page "Dior and you" to obtain all our contact information.
You can create your Dior customer account by clicking on the "Your Account" section located in the menu at the top of our website. Then click on "Create an Account" and fill in the required information marked with an asterisk. Finally, click on "Validate". You will be sent a confirmation email to the address provided when creating your account. If you require assistance or further information, please contact our Customer Service.
If you forget your password, click on "Your account" and then on "Forgot my password". An email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Ingredients are listed on the packaging of each product. If you have additional questions, you may contact us by phone at 1-877-903-4671 from Monday to Saturday from 9am to 9pm EST, or via our contact form available here .
Your status depends both on your total number of qualifying purchases and the amount you spent over 12 months. All qualifying purchases made on the same day will count as a single purchase. You can find all the information about the status threshold on DIOR BEAUTY PRIVÉ and in the Terms & Conditions of the Program.
To subscribe to our newsletter, please visit the "Newsletter" section and fill in the registration form. If you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter, click on the link at the bottom of each Dior newsletter. You can also contact our Customer Service with any questions regarding our Dior newsletter. Our advisors will be delighted to assist you.
Once you are eligible to redeem a loyalty gift, simply log in and the gift will be automatically added to your bag. If the gift is not automatically added to your bag, log into your Dior account and click on My Rewards. You will be able to select Add to bag from the My gifts section.
If you do not see a gift under My Gifts that means you are not eligible for a gift yet or you have already redeemed your gift.
Dior will gladly refund any unopened or gently used items within 30 days of purchase through our website. Please note, all personalized and/or engraved items are final sale and non-refundable or Exchangeable . Dior.com purchases cannot be exchanged or returned in-store. If you would like to return an item, simply complete the Return Form found by clicking here and place it inside the return package. Peel off the Return Label and adhere it to the top of the original shipping label. Please return the item(s) in its original product packaging. Returned packages must be returned prepaid, to the address on the return label. Dior.com is unable to refund shipping charges. Please allow 10-15 business days of processing time. You will receive a confirmation email once we receive your package and process your return. Dior reserves the right to deny returns for items that do not meet the return policy requirements.
If you had a Dior account prior to the September 2021 program launch, we tallied your purchases from the past 12 months and automatically attributed a status to your account. This status will remain valid for the next 12 months.
All new members who joined after the September 2021 launch start at Pearl status and move to the next status based on their qualifying Dior Beauty purchases.
You will have only 30 days from when your gift becomes available to redeem it.
Dior.com offers members complimentary ground shipping on all orders*.
Create an account and join DIOR BEAUTY PRIVÉ for members-only benefits like complimentary shipping on all orders, special gifts & more.
CREATE ACCOUNT
Guests receive complimentary ground shipping* with on all orders of $50 or more. A ground shipping charge of $9 is applied to all orders under $50. During peak holidays, delivery times may be a bit longer than usual.
Please refer to your expected delivery date at checkout. Dior.com ships via UPS. Shipping pricing is as follows:
*Complimentary shipping does not apply to member orders or guest orders of $50 or more shipping to Alaska or Hawaii.
Our Dior ambassadors in Customer Relations will be delighted to help and answer your questions from Monday to Saturday from 9 am to 9pm EST by phone at 1-877-903-4671 , live chat or by email via our contact page
Loyalty status is based on both your number of qualifying purchases and the total amount paid (excluding taxes and shipping costs). Use of a promo code will not lower how much you pay for a qualifying purchase, and therefore will not affect whether you qualify for an upgraded loyalty status.
Unfortunately, you cannot earn points on transactions made when you were not logged into your account.
Once you reach SILVER or PLATINIUM status and are logged in, the gift item will be automatically added to your cart. If the gift is not automatically added to your cart, login to My Dior, click on status, click on redeem gift under my gifts, and then select add to cart.
Please note that the gift might not be available immediately after your status has been upgraded.
Please reach out to customer service and we will help you find the best solution.
You must make purchases on different days. All orders placed on the same day count as a single purchase.
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, Dior will gladly refund any unopened or gently used items within 30 days of purchase through our website. La Collection Privée products can only be returned for a refund if unopened/unused within 30 days of purchase through our website.
Please note that all personalized and/or engraved items are final sale and non-refundable or exchangeable.
Products purchased on Dior.com : Please select your location and language may not be returned at a Parfums Christian Dior boutique or at an authorized Parfums Christian Dior Retailer. Similarly, products purchased at a Parfums Christian Dior boutique or from an authorized Parfums Christian Dior Retailer may not be returned or exchanged through Dior.com
You can return all or part of your Dior order within 30 days of purchase. You must return all free gifts and samples with your products for your refund to be processed. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
The products must be returned in the original condition, unopened and with all packaging/hygiene seals intact. Engraved products cannot be returned except when due to defect. Please return the item(s) in its original product packaging
Returning Your Order
You can return your parcel by using our returns service portal. Follow these steps:
Dior.com is unable to refund shipping charges. Please allow 10-15 business days for processing. You will receive a confirmation email once we receive your package and process your return.
How do I return my order as a Guest customer?
If you placed an order as a guest, you can access the Returns portal by clicking HERE .
If you registered from the order confirmation page of your guest order, this order will be taken into account in your status calculation. Your counters will be updated after the order is processed by our system, which can take up to a business day.
Loyalty consultations can be booked from the email you received welcoming you to your Silver, Gold or Platinum status.
Please make sure that you have met the criteria to receive a gift (that you are part of the status entitling you to receive the gift).
If you have met the criteria, and are still not able to redeem your gift, it is most likely because our gift items are out of stock. The gifts you are eligible for can be found in your account, in the “My rewards” section. Their availability will be displayed there. If unavailable, we will send you a back in stock email once we have the gift items again.
Early access to new products is open to all loyalty members. Please note that early access is a temporary feature, only open for specific product launches and commercial periods.
Dior Beauty Privé is a reimagined loyalty experience that gives you access to a new world of exclusive benefits and rewards. Go to “My account” > “My rewards” on dior.com to discover them all.
As you completed the prerequisites to renew your status before the thresholds changes took effect, the calculation made to allow you to renew was based on the previous thresholds. Therefore, you don’t need to make additional purchases to renew, and you will stay in your status for one more year at the end of your membership (unless you upgrade).
Transactions can take up to 48 hours to be displayed in your account.
Invitations to in-store events are sent based on client status and geographics. They also take into account event’s welcoming capacity.
Loyalty gifts cannot be returned or exchanged.
You will keep your status until the current end date of your membership, which is the end of October (unless you upgrade). In November, your status will be recalculated based on the new thresholds and your purchase history over the last 12 months. To stay Silver you will need to have made at least 2 purchases with a combined total of $350 or more.
You will stay in your status until the end of your membership (12 months after your last upgrade). After the end of your current membership, your status level will reflect your purchase history as it relates to the new thresholds.
Dior Science
The Science of Reverse Aging
Floral Science
Scientific Collaborations
Guided by an innovative spirit since Dior skincare was introduced in 1967, the aim of Dior Science is to make the ultimate dream a reality: extending beauty over the years. This idea is based on three essential pillars.
Is it Possible to Reverse the Course of Biological Time?
The Complex Process of Aging
Aging is a natural, progressive process that can be defined as the loss of physiological integrity, reducing the amount of time spent in good health. With every tick of the clock, this bodily decline leaves us more susceptible to an array of age-related conditions, each leaving their subtle signatures upon our faces.
Today, more than ever, the scientific community is seeking to slow down, stop or even reverse these effects. Reverse Aging now makes this dream possible, thanks to the commitment of every expert in the field: the science of longevity is making major advances and is already a great source of hope.
Every person can be characterized by their age, as everyone knows the definition. Yet few are aware that we are each defined by 2 ages:
CHRONOLOGICAL AGE
This is determined by the date of birth, and reflects personal aging. It is invariable and irreversible.
BIOLOGICAL AGE
Biological age is a measure of the body’s overall health, which may not correspond to chronological age. It is influenced by environmental factors and lifestyle.
The Beginnings of Reverse Aging
The 2013 scientific publication by Lopez-Otin et al., updated in January 2023, is a key reference for the science of Reverse Aging. It describes 12 biological markers at the root of aging, including chronic inflammation (inflamm'aging), stem cell depletion and telomere shortening. Although these markers are sometimes interdependent, they can be used to gauge the progression of a body’s biological age.
For several decades, Dior Science researchers have been working on several of these biological markers of aging to infuse Reverse Aging into increasingly expert formulas. Learn more about their commitment to Reverse Aging to prolong skin’s health and beauty.
More Than Twenty Years of Research on Reverse Aging
For over 20 years, Dior scientists have unlocked aging's biological secrets. Global partnerships fuel breakthroughs that have led to major advances in the field.
Skin and psychosocial assessment of apparent age and perception differences between the sexes
Use of CiRA technology to create kiPS**
Development of an exclusive model to study scarring and inflammation linked to hyperpigmentation
Discovery of the loss of stem cell energy with age and regeneration of the process using plant extracts
Development of an exclusive model of chronic inflammation to measure skin micro-damage in the premature aging process
Perception of skin beauty and assessment of holistic dimensions by artificial intelligence
Creation of a Unique Scientific Board
To meet the challenge of extending skin health and beauty over time, Dior Science has assembled 18 of the world’s leading experts in the science of aging to form the Reverse Aging Board and to work hand in hand with the 600 employees in its research department. This revolutionary event is a testament to unprecedented scientific endeavor, and marks a major advance in the fight against the visible effects of aging.
Spanning decades of rigorous research and securing over 300 patents, Dior Science and LVMH has orchestrated a scientific victory in the face of time.
Section-side-panel
Pr. Knut WOLTJEN
Associate Professor at CiRA (Center for iPS Cell Research and Application), Kyoto University, Japan
Pr. Vadim GLADYSHEV
Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, Director of Redox Medicine at Brigham and Women’s Hospital (BWH), Boston, USA
Dr. Daisy ROBINTON
Co-founder and CEO of Oviva Therapeutics. Head of Women’s Health at Cambrian Bio, Los Angeles, USA
Pr. Nicola NERETTI
Associate Professor of Biology in the Department of Molecular Biology, Cell Biology and Biochemistry at Brown University, Rhode Island, USA
Pr. Anabelle DECOTTIGNIES
Professor at the Catholic University of Louvain (UCL), FNRS Research Director at the de Duve Institute, Belgium
Pr. David FURMAN
Associate Professor at the Buck Institute, Director of the 1000 Immunomes Project at Stanford University, California, USA
Dr. Patricia OGILVIE
Dermatologist, Founder of the SkinConcept clinic in Munich, Germany
Pr. Vittorio SEBASTIANO
Associate Professor in the research department at Stanford University, Member of the Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford, USA
Dr. Zhe JI
Dermatologist, General Manager at Ping An Human Health, General Member of the Dermatology Committee of the Chinese Non-government Medical Institutions Association (CNMIA), Shanghai, China
Pr. Kelvin J.A. DAVIES
Distinguished Professor of Gerontology, Molecular and Computational Biology, Biochemistry, and Molecular Medicine at the University of Southern California, Los Angeles, USA
Dr. Meng C. WANG
Professor at Baylor College of Medicine, Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Houston, Texas, USA
Dr. Nada ELBULUK
Dermatologist, Los Angeles, USA; Co-author of the “Color Atlas & Synopsis of Skin of Color”
Pr. George CHURCH
Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School, Professor of Health Sciences and Technology at Harvard and MIT, Boston, USA. Director of Personalgenomes.org
Pr. Brian KENNEDY
Professor of Biochemistry and Physiology, Director of the Center for Healthy Longevity at the National University Health System (NUHS), Singapore
Pr. Junping GAO
Professor at the College of Horticulture, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China
Pr. Charles DAVIS
Professor of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology, Harvard University. Curator of Vascular Plants and Director of the Harvard University Herbaria, Boston, USA
Pr. Johan AUWERX
Professor at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Director of the Laboratory of Integrative and Systems Physiology (LISP), Switzerland
Pr. Nancy ETCOFF
Psychologist at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital; Director of the Program in Aesthetics and Well-Being, Boston, USA. Author of “Survival of the Prettiest: The Science of Beauty”
On June 26 and 27, 2023, the Reverse Aging Board convened in Paris, uniting to pioneer new frontiers in skin regeneration. Dior pioneers aging reversal by integrating social sciences and aging psychology, complementary areas of study that cannot be separated from basic science, floral science and skin science.
The House of Dior was built on the love of women and flowers: Christian Dior drew inspiration, strength and happiness from his gardens, from Granville to La Colle Noire.
The Dior Gardens
Dior is establishing gardens around the world to produce chemical-free ingredients. Located in carefully selected areas, these gardens are oases of biodiversity where nature thrives in harmony and sustainable farming methods are used. Rare flowers such as the Rose de Granville and the mallow flower are cultivated with love and care for the environment.
The Flowers of Dior
After 30 years of research, Dior has identified 6 flowers with exceptional properties and qualities, and then analyzed their skincare potential to transfer it to the skin.
The Rose de Granville, which was chosen from among 40,000 varieties for its resilience and abundance of flowers, boasts a genomic heritage that is unique at Dior as well as extraordinary molecular richness. These active ingredients offer unique biological efficacy; for example, Rose de Granville sap extract is 4 times more effective on skin regeneration than retinoic acid.
The high polyphenol content of Yquem vine sap extract contributes to its antioxidant power, making it 4 times more effective than resveratrol and twice as effective as vitamin C*.
* In vitro tests on ingredients.
The Florentine iris blooms from mid-April to mid-May, brightening the Tuscan landscape. Its properties that protect skin radiance have been known and used by women since ancient times.
The nymphéa is one of the most resistant species in the world due to its resiliency and ability to thrive in a variety of environments. Its purifying power inspired the creation of OFF/ON Cleansing Foam with nymphéa.
A symbol of purity, edelweiss grown in the Swiss Alps delivers powerful antioxidants and UV protection through its extracts in Diorsnow brightening skincare products.
The Dior mallow flower thrives in Maine-et-Loire department and in Aubiat in the Puy-de-Dôme department: it has been sustainably cultivated on a 75-hectare estate for over 30 years, using a green extraction process.
Collaboration is the heart of excellence at Parfums Christian Dior. We firmly believe in the importance of working hand in hand with leading research institutions that are true pioneers in their respective fields to advance the science of skin health.
Center for ips Cell Research and Application, Kyoto University
In 2019, Dior Science entered into a partnership with CiRA at Kyoto University. Headed by Professor Shinya Yamanaka—winner of the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine and a stem cell specialist—CiRA explores, among other things, the reprogramming potential of skin stem cells.
Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Affiliated with Harvard Medical School
Brigham and Women’s Hospital (BWH) is a Harvard Medical School teaching hospital that boasts over 4,600 researchers, including more than 1,300 MD/PhDs, and ranks second in National Institutes of Health funding for independent hospitals. Since 2022, Dior Science has been working with Vadim Gladyshev, Director of Redox Medicine at BWH, to reverse the cellular mechanisms of skin aging.
“A recent and striking realization in the field of aging is that not only can it be slowed down, but organisms can also be partially rejuvenated, meaning that their biological age can actually be reduced.” Vadim Gladyshev, Professor of Medicine.
Harvard University Herbaria
Christian Dior inherited a passion for flowers from his mother, both as an observer and an investigator, expanding his knowledge by studying Vilmorin’s herbaria. Since then, Dior has kept this passion alive and made it a promise for rejuvenation.
LVMH Recherche and Parfums Christian Dior fund Professor Charles Davis’s research at the Harvard University Herbaria.
College of Horticulture, China Agricultural University
Professor Gao is a renowned rose expert, supported by an experienced team that specializes in functional genomics and phytochemistry. In collaboration with Dior Science, he has shown that the Rose de Granville possesses a unique genetic signature and molecular defense mechanism, which explains its extraordinary resilience compared with other roses.
Labskin Creations, France
LabSkin is a French start-up that produces skin models using a patented 3D bioprinting technology. Unlike most in vitro tests, this model mimics the various skin interactions with active ingredients on many levels. This collaboration has notably resulted in the creation of an exclusive bioprinted skin model that reproduces chronic skin inflammation (inflamm'aging).
Best Sellers
See All
Women's Fragrance
Men's Fragrance
Say "I do" in Dior style with couture wedding makeup, fragrance and skincare essentials. An expertly curated collection to help every bride, bridesmaid and wedding guest shine on their special day.
Discover the Dior men's fragrances in all their olfactive expressions and concentrations. Layer in body care to complete your daily ritual.
Explore the must-haves that slip effortlessly into your carry-on and bring a glow wherever you go.
From radiance-boosting lotions to smoothing eye treatments, the Dior Capture family delivers wrinkle-correcting, firming results.
Gifts & Personalization
Carefully crafted to celebrate the magic of shared moments, Dior gift sets honor the most tender of attentions, paying tribute to the art of giving and delighting that is at the heart of the Dior dream.
Gifts For Her
Gifts For Him
Jewelry & Timepieces
Gifts For Kids
Gifts For Newborns
Gifts For The Home
ABCDior
Throughout the year, the House offers a carefully curated selection of Dior gifts. A poetic ode to the art of giving so dear to the founding couturier. Whether for birthdays, weddings or holiday festivities, find the perfect present among ou r Gifts for Her or Gifts for Him , dreamed up in Dior's ateliers and sure to delight. Don't miss the various exceptional edits, from Mother's Day Gifts and Father's Day Gifts to Graduation Gifts for Her, Graduation Gifts for Him , or even Newborn Gift Ideas to welcome and celebrate little ones. A nod to art de vivre and exemplary in their exquisite savoir-faire, fashion and accessories or even Gifts for the Home all ensure that each occasion may be imbued with the magic of a shared moment, at the heart of the Dior dream.
D-Air, the first home fragrance diffuser from La Collection Privée Christian Dior, offers an olfactory experience resolutely focused on the art of living and design.
Refills
The olfactive experience of La Collection Privée Christian Dior takes a new turn with D-Air, the innovative home diffuser developed in collaboration with Compoz Paris. From now on, the scents of a selection of perfumes from the collection can be discovered in redesigned fragrances, giving each interior its own identity.
Intuitive and easy to use, the D-Air fragrance diffuser is a design object as beautiful as it is effective. The capsule system allows you to refill it again and again, offering the room of your choice a signature fragrance.
LA COLLECTION PRIVÉE
Find your Dior olfactory silhouette
Explore the world of Dior, where couture and perfume are eternally intertwined, and find your signature scent among the exclusive fragrances of La Collection Privée.
Kids' Fashion
Boys
Girls
Baby Boys
Baby Girls
Imbued with a resolutely modern spirit, the Baby Dior Winter 2025 line fuses practicality and sophistication, promising an audacious urban style.
Dior Beach
Bonne Étoile
Cannage
The Baby Dior Stroller
Exceptional Creations by Christian Dior
Christian Dior's Exceptional Creations are fragrances celebrating the heritage of the House with floral and chypre bouquets.
Farenheit
Dior Homme is distinguished by its refined duality, a subtle balance between strength and sensuality. Its olfactory signature is found at the heart of interpretations such as Dior Homme Eau de Toilette and Dior Homme Intense, leaving a unique, nonchalant impression, like a feeling of freedom.
Dior Homme is an iconic Dior fragrance for men distinguished by its refined duality, a subtle balance between strength and sensuality. Its olfactory signature is found at the heart of interpretations such as Dior Homme Eau de Toilette and Dior Homme Intense, leaving a unique, nonchalant impression, like a fragrance of freedom.
Bath & Shaving
Christian Dior, Couturier-perfumer
From 1947 onwards Christian Dior proclaimed his desire to be as much a perfumer as he was a couturier: he created Miss Dior, his first perfume, alongside his very first fashion collection.
﻿ Passionate about flowers, he sketched the contours of a veritable style for Dior's perfumes, breathing into them all the modernity featured in his creations.
February 12, 1947. In his salons at 30, avenue Montaigne, Christian Dior presented his very first collection.
﻿His sensual creations celebrated triumphant femininity: this was the birth of a revolution, dubbed the New Look.
﻿To accompany these cutting-edge looks, the couturier commissioned perfumer Paul Vacher to create a modern and sophisticated fragrance: "Make me a perfume that smells of love", he requested.
Sprayed abundantly in the salons on the day of the fashion show, Miss Dior became the perfume of the New Look.
This elegant green chypre – a subtle balance of citrus fruits, flowers and patchouli – expressed a new femininity, free and independent, able to break free from traditional codes.
Christian Dior, a Passion for Flowers
Very early on, Christian Dior developed a passion for flowers.
As a child he learned their Latin names, created his herbariums and passed many hours in the rose garden of the family home in Granville.
Having become a couturier he drew inspiration from flowers when designing the silhouettes of the New Look.
He adorned women with dancing corollas and gave many dresses the names of flowers.
The couturier wore a sprig of lily of the valley in his buttonhole at every fashion show and he also had it stitched into the hems of his dresses for good luck.
"The other night I dreamed that I was a little boy again and I returned to Granville with my mother (...) we left together from the other side of the entrance, towards my roses, towards all the scents of flowers, of the women of my enchanted estate"
--- Christian Dior
The Olfactory Signature of Dior Perfumes
Dior perfumes still represent all the passions of the couturier who founded the label.
Christian Dior's love of flowers naturally led to the creation of numerous fragrances with a floral heart.
This proliferation of flowers has become characteristic of Dior perfumes.
The couturier who created the New Look designed a structured fashion in order to flatter women's figures.
He designed his perfumes in the same way, working on their construction as he would the most beautiful of evening gowns.
The ultimate accessory, the final touch to a look, the perfume is constructed with the same precision and excellence demanded of Haute Couture.
"I feel as much a Couturier as a Perfumer"
﻿--- Christian Dior
Explore Women's Fashion
Dior's leather goods lines have been enriched with the D-Motion bag, presented during the Dior autumn-winter 2025-2026 ready-to-wear show. Its supple curves are enhanced with the pared-down macrocannage motif, the fruit of prodigious artisanship. An unprecedented accessory offering infinite practicality and inviting freedom of movement.
Capsule
New Collection
Autumn-Winter 2025-2026
7 Article(s)
Discover the latest creations from the Rose des Vents line.
Enjoy complimentary shipping and returns. All orders are presented in an iconic Dior gift box.
Jewelry & timepieces
Celebrate
Shop
A Decade Of Passion
Dreamed up in 2015, the iconic line is celebrating is tenth anniversary.
Story Of An Icon
Earrings
Rings
Necklaces
Bracelet
Timepieces
New Arrivals
Limited Edition
Haute Couture
In this temporal paradox, Maria Grazia Chiuri moves in total freedom, as if the mirrors that fill the couture studio could, similar to Alice's looking glass, allow access to another reality, dominated by constant mutations of meaning.
For Maria Grazia Chiuri, this défilé represents an extraordinary opportunity to combine couture and sportswear with classicism, rebellion, collective energy and, above all, the political value of the female body.
Legal Terms and Conditions
Legal Terms And Conditions (1)
Website Terms of Use Notice: Please read this document carefully before using this website. Do not use this website if you do not agree with the terms and conditions present in this document. Use of this website signifies compliance with these Terms of Use. Site Ownership This website (“Site”) is owned by Christian Dior Couture, a luxury retail brand with headquarters in Paris, France and New York, New York. Site Usage and Information Rights This Site contains electronic information ("Dior Information") which may consist of software, technical information, product literature, photos, layout, and other materials. All information on this Site is the sole property of Dior, and does not become the property of any user by virtue of allowing use of the Site. Site users may not modify Dior Information obtained from this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, transmit, or distribute or otherwise use the Dior Information for any commercial or other purpose. For the purposes of these Terms, any use of the Dior Information on any other website or networked computer environment (including but not limited to posting of Dior Information on a local Intranet or Extranet) for any purpose is prohibited without the express written permission of Dior. The Dior Information on this Site is copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any Dior Information located on this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you fail to comply with these terms, your authorization to use this Site will be automatically terminated and you must immediately destroy any Dior Information obtained from the Site. Please understand that the limitations placed on the use of Dior Information are intended to protect proprietary information belonging to Dior that is accessible to users of this website. The limitations do not apply, for example, to discussions about our products or website, such as providing feedback about your experience with our products or services on this Site or other websites or forums, or posting pictures of merchandise or items from our Site that you like or have purchased (such as on other social media sites). Intellectual Property The names, images and logos identifying Dior, or any third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trademarks of Dior and/or the third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of Dior, or any other third party. Appropriate, Ethical and Legally Compliant Use By using this Site, you agree not to disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise abuse, the Site, or any services, system resources, accounts, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Site or affiliated or linked websites; (b) not to disrupt or interfere with any other user's enjoyment of the Site or affiliated or linked websites; (c) not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit through or on this Site any viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; (d) not to use or attempt to use another's account, service or system without authorization from Dior or create or use a false identity on this Site; (e) not to transmit through or on this Site, spam, chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited mass email to people or entities who have not agreed to be part of such mailings; (f) not to divulge your username and password to others either on or off the Site; (g) not to attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the Site or portions of the Site which are restricted from general access; and, (h) otherwise comply with all laws and requirements for use of this Site, including those that apply to the data that it contains. Product Information The product information on this Site is provided for the convenience of our customers and Site users, and is as accurate as possible. However, we make no guarantee, either express or implied, as to its accuracy or that the products displayed on the Site are always available . While we strive to provide our customers with truly exceptional service online and in our stores, we regret that sometimes, our products are out of stock or not available in a particular size or color. We also welcome your feedback and suggestions regarding any errors that you find on our Site, so that we can promptly address them. User Submissions Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this Site by any means (including, but not limited to e-mails sent to Dior using links provided on this Site) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by Dior or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. The user may not post any material that violates copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights (including rights of publicity and privacy). The user will indemnify Dior for any and all damages resulting from the user's actions or postings that violate any of these policies. Dior reserves the right to prohibit further postings by any user for violation of these standards. Links to Other Websites Links to third-party websites from this Site must be specifically approved in advance by Dior. You are not authorized to link any other website without our approval. Any approved links to websites not maintained by Dior are provided solely as a convenience to our customers and visitors. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. Dior does not control and is not responsible for any of these websites or their content. Dior does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk. Social Media Links You may link to our social media pages via the icons on our website. If you do so, please note that you are leaving our Site and going to a website that is owned and operated by a separate company (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, etc.). Please be sure to review the separate Terms and Conditions and website Privacy Policies provided by the owners/operators of those websites, and remember that these Terms and Conditions, Dior’s Website Privacy Policy and other materials on this Site only apply to our Site. Disclaimer The information provided on this Site are provided "as is" without any warranties, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. Dior further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the information on this Site. Dior may make changes to the information on this Site, or to the products and prices described at any time without notice. While we take steps to ensure that the information on this Site is up-to-date, there may be times when the information is outdated. Information published on this Site may refer to products, programs or services that are no longer available in your country or local area. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL DIOR, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE DATA AND INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THIS SITE IS BELIEVED TO BE ACCURATE BUT SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON BY THE USER FOR ANY PURPOSE. ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE CONTENT OR ANY OMISSIONS FROM THIS SITE INCLUDING ANY INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR MISSTATEMENTS IN SUCH DATA OR INFORMATION IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. DIOR DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR USE OF DIOR PRODUCTS IN APPLICATIONS OTHER THAN THOSE FOR WHICH THEY ARE DESIGNED. Applicable Laws This Site is intended for residents of the United States. Please visit our international websites if you are located in another country. Dior makes no representation that materials on this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal, is prohibited. You may not use, export or re-export the materials on this Site or any copy or adaptations in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. General Dior reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time. The terms on this page are binding upon you, therefore, you should review them often. Terms listed in this document may be superseded by specific terms elsewhere on the Site. Privacy Policy By using this Site, you confirm your consent to the Dior Privacy Policy which is also accessible on this Site. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Dior Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Changes to These Terms and Conditions Dior reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions, to align with changes in our practices, or company, or legal or compliance requirements. If the terms and conditions are changed, the new versions will be posted. We invite you to review our Terms and Conditions and Website Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of them in relation to use of our website. Contact Us If you have any questions relating to these Terms of Use or our website, you may contact us at contactdiorus@dior.com , or write to us at: Christian Dior Couture Client Service Center 510 Madison Ave NEW YORK US NY 10022 United States Updated: August 2023.
Website Terms of Use
Notice: Please read this document carefully before using this website. Do not use this website if you do not agree with the terms and conditions present in this document. Use of this website signifies compliance with these Terms of Use.
Site Ownership
This website (“Site”) is owned by Christian Dior Couture, a luxury retail brand with headquarters in Paris, France and New York, New York.
Site Usage and Information Rights
This Site contains electronic information ("Dior Information") which may consist of software, technical information, product literature, photos, layout, and other materials. All information on this Site is the sole property of Dior, and does not become the property of any user by virtue of allowing use of the Site.
Site users may not modify Dior Information obtained from this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, transmit, or distribute or otherwise use the Dior Information for any commercial or other purpose. For the purposes of these Terms, any use of the Dior Information on any other website or networked computer environment (including but not limited to posting of Dior Information on a local Intranet or Extranet) for any purpose is prohibited without the express written permission of Dior. The Dior Information on this Site is copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any Dior Information located on this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you fail to comply with these terms, your authorization to use this Site will be automatically terminated and you must immediately destroy any Dior Information obtained from the Site.
Please understand that the limitations placed on the use of Dior Information are intended to protect proprietary information belonging to Dior that is accessible to users of this website. The limitations do not apply, for example, to discussions about our products or website, such as providing feedback about your experience with our products or services on this Site or other websites or forums, or posting pictures of merchandise or items from our Site that you like or have purchased (such as on other social media sites).
Intellectual Property
The names, images and logos identifying Dior, or any third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trademarks of Dior and/or the third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of Dior, or any other third party.
Appropriate, Ethical and Legally Compliant Use
By using this Site, you agree not to disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise abuse, the Site, or any services, system resources, accounts, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Site or affiliated or linked websites; (b) not to disrupt or interfere with any other user's enjoyment of the Site or affiliated or linked websites; (c) not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit through or on this Site any viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; (d) not to use or attempt to use another's account, service or system without authorization from Dior or create or use a false identity on this Site; (e) not to transmit through or on this Site, spam, chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited mass email to people or entities who have not agreed to be part of such mailings; (f) not to divulge your username and password to others either on or off the Site; (g) not to attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the Site or portions of the Site which are restricted from general access; and, (h) otherwise comply with all laws and requirements for use of this Site, including those that apply to the data that it contains. Product Information
The product information on this Site is provided for the convenience of our customers and Site users, and is as accurate as possible. However, we make no guarantee, either express or implied, as to its accuracy or that the products displayed on the Site are always available . While we strive to provide our customers with truly exceptional service online and in our stores, we regret that sometimes, our products are out of stock or not available in a particular size or color. We also welcome your feedback and suggestions regarding any errors that you find on our Site, so that we can promptly address them.
User Submissions
Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this Site by any means (including, but not limited to e-mails sent to Dior using links provided on this Site) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by Dior or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. The user may not post any material that violates copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights (including rights of publicity and privacy). The user will indemnify Dior for any and all damages resulting from the user's actions or postings that violate any of these policies. Dior reserves the right to prohibit further postings by any user for violation of these standards.
Links to Other Websites
Links to third-party websites from this Site must be specifically approved in advance by Dior. You are not authorized to link any other website without our approval. Any approved links to websites not maintained by Dior are provided solely as a convenience to our customers and visitors. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. Dior does not control and is not responsible for any of these websites or their content. Dior does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Social Media Links
You may link to our social media pages via the icons on our website. If you do so, please note that you are leaving our Site and going to a website that is owned and operated by a separate company (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, etc.). Please be sure to review the separate Terms and Conditions and website Privacy Policies provided by the owners/operators of those websites, and remember that these Terms and Conditions, Dior’s Website Privacy Policy and other materials on this Site only apply to our Site.
Disclaimer
The information provided on this Site are provided "as is" without any warranties, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. Dior further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the information on this Site. Dior may make changes to the information on this Site, or to the products and prices described at any time without notice. While we take steps to ensure that the information on this Site is up-to-date, there may be times when the information is outdated. Information published on this Site may refer to products, programs or services that are no longer available in your country or local area. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL DIOR, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE DATA AND INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THIS SITE IS BELIEVED TO BE ACCURATE BUT SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON BY THE USER FOR ANY PURPOSE. ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE CONTENT OR ANY OMISSIONS FROM THIS SITE INCLUDING ANY INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR MISSTATEMENTS IN SUCH DATA OR INFORMATION IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. DIOR DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR USE OF DIOR PRODUCTS IN APPLICATIONS OTHER THAN THOSE FOR WHICH THEY ARE DESIGNED.
Applicable Laws
This Site is intended for residents of the United States. Please visit our international websites if you are located in another country. Dior makes no representation that materials on this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal, is prohibited. You may not use, export or re-export the materials on this Site or any copy or adaptations in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
General Dior reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time. The terms on this page are binding upon you, therefore, you should review them often. Terms listed in this document may be superseded by specific terms elsewhere on the Site.
By using this Site, you confirm your consent to the Dior Privacy Policy which is also accessible on this Site. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Dior Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
Dior reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions, to align with changes in our practices, or company, or legal or compliance requirements. If the terms and conditions are changed, the new versions will be posted. We invite you to review our Terms and Conditions and Website Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of them in relation to use of our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions relating to these Terms of Use or our website, you may contact us at contactdiorus@dior.com , or write to us at:
Updated: August 2023.
Useful Links (1)
- Ethical Charter & Sustainable Supply Chain Policy for Jewelry
Conceived as an ode to nature, Sauvage is an act of creation inspired by wide-open spaces. Its compositions are defined by raw freshness that are both powerful and noble. Raw and lively, sensual and mysterious, refined and intoxicating – each trail embodies the essence of Sauvage. Born in nature, shaped by Dior.
Sauvage Mencare
Exceptional Piece
Candles and Accessories
Dior scented candles diffuse a trail that is an olfactory translation of La Collection Privée Christian Dior's fragrant art of living. Use the La Collection Privée Christian Dior candle accessories – stand, lid and snuffer – to maintain and enjoy your candles day after day.
The Candles
Candles Accessories
element-1
Your dreams, make them real
element-2
A new dream in gold begins
This is the story of a metamorphosis and a coronation. Bathed in the gold of Versailles, she is an unclassifiable queen, a dazzling incarnation of triumphant femininity.
Shot by Steven Klein, Rihanna takes her place as the new J'adore muse. A celebration of the Dior dream.
element-3
element-4
Rihanna, the new face of J'adore
An icon meets a legendary fragrance. As she has never been seen before, Rihanna transforms into a unique goddess, without limits or boundaries, a regal incarnation of J'adore. The fragrance of a dream in gold, which Rihanna has always loved, as if it were her destiny.
L'Or de J'adore
All the gold of J'adore in a pure, essential concentrate, a perfume essence with solar and intense floral notes composed by Francis Kurkdjian,
Creative Director for Parfums Dior.
element-7
element-5a
J'adore l'Or
from $170
element-8
Notes of orange blossom, grandiflorum jasmine and centifolia rose absolutes give J'adore L'Or its powerful and sensual identity.
element-9
A dream fragrance in the words of its new muse.
Dior's Perfume Creative Director shares the secrets behind this new creation.
element-10
J'adore Bouquets
Explore the different intensities of the J'adore's extraordinary olfactory bouquet, where the most beautiful flowers impart sensuality and freshness.
element-11
Fashion & Accessories
The perfect companion for a contemporary and elegant look, the D-Motion bag embodies, more than ever, the timeless essence of the House of Dior.
Dior Lucky
“My aim is to focus on style, which is a way of being, of putting things together, of behaving and appearing.” – Jonathan Anderson
Poison
Poison, Dior's forbidden fruit. Ambery fragrances with sultry accords take the senses on a hypnotic journey, where vanilla, musk, bitter almond, and jasmine collide and swirl.
Personal Data
Christian Dior Privacy Policy (18)
Last Updated: July 2025 Confidentiality and security of your personal data are important to us. We would like to offer you personalized services while respecting your privacy and choices. This Privacy Statement (“Statement”) is provided by The Maison Christian Dior Couture and The Maison Parfums Christian Dior (together, “Christian Dior,” “Dior,” “Maisons,” “we” or “us”), a luxury retail and wholesale brand with its global headquarters in Paris, France and its United States and Canada headquarters in New York, New York. The purpose of this Statement is to inform you in a transparent and simple manner about the processing of the personal data that you provide or that we collect through the different touchpoints you use to interact with us (e.g. in store, client services, dior.com, social media, digital ads, digital apps, events), about possible transfers to third parties, as well as your rights and options to control your personal data and protect your privacy.
Last Updated: July 2025
Confidentiality and security of your personal data are important to us. We would like to offer you personalized services while respecting your privacy and choices.
This Privacy Statement (“Statement”) is provided by The Maison Christian Dior Couture and The Maison Parfums Christian Dior (together, “Christian Dior,” “Dior,” “Maisons,” “we” or “us”), a luxury retail and wholesale brand with its global headquarters in Paris, France and its United States and Canada headquarters in New York, New York.
The purpose of this Statement is to inform you in a transparent and simple manner about the processing of the personal data that you provide or that we collect through the different touchpoints you use to interact with us (e.g. in store, client services, dior.com, social media, digital ads, digital apps, events), about possible transfers to third parties, as well as your rights and options to control your personal data and protect your privacy.
The Maison Christian Dior Couture Christian Dior Couture SAS (head office), a public limited company under French law with its head office located at 30 avenue Montaigne, 75008 Paris, France, and all of the Christian Dior Couture affiliates with whom you share your information. Christian Dior Couture is a story of dreams and elegance, passion and excellence; it is also a story of know-how. The creations of Christian Dior Couture express the passion for beautiful gestures and exceptional objects. From haute couture to ready-to-wear, including leather goods, watchmaking and jewelry, know-how is transformed into the art of making. The Maison Parfums Christian Dior Parfums Christian Dior SA (head office), a public limited company under French law whose head office is located at 33, avenue Hoche, 75008 Paris, France, and all of the affiliates of Parfums Christian Dior with whom you share your information. Parfums Christian Dior is a story of dreams, glamor, creativity and excellence. The Maison, which has unique expertise, committed to perpetuating the Dior heritage and transmitting their passion for beauty, through the use of high-quality ingredients. Note: Please note that the Maison Parfums Christian Dior and the Maison Christian Dior Couture are independent entities, and each Maison has its own customer database, though this Statement describes the personal data collected and processed by both entities. Who we are? What data may we collect or receive about you? How do we collect or receive your data? For what purposes are your data used by Dior? For how long may we keep it? Who may access your data? How do we protect it and keep it confidential? How do we address cross-border protections? How are consumer preferences and individual rights addressed? What additional protections are provided for residents of certain regions? Notice of Financial Incentive How does Dior protect children's privacy? Contact Us
The Maison Christian Dior Couture
Christian Dior Couture SAS (head office), a public limited company under French law with its head office located at 30 avenue Montaigne, 75008 Paris, France, and all of the Christian Dior Couture affiliates with whom you share your information.
Christian Dior Couture is a story of dreams and elegance, passion and excellence; it is also a story of know-how. The creations of Christian Dior Couture express the passion for beautiful gestures and exceptional objects. From haute couture to ready-to-wear, including leather goods, watchmaking and jewelry, know-how is transformed into the art of making.
The Maison Parfums Christian Dior
Parfums Christian Dior SA (head office), a public limited company under French law whose head office is located at 33, avenue Hoche, 75008 Paris, France, and all of the affiliates of Parfums Christian Dior with whom you share your information.
Parfums Christian Dior is a story of dreams, glamor, creativity and excellence. The Maison, which has unique expertise, committed to perpetuating the Dior heritage and transmitting their passion for beauty, through the use of high-quality ingredients.
Note: Please note that the Maison Parfums Christian Dior and the Maison Christian Dior Couture are independent entities, and each Maison has its own customer database, though this Statement describes the personal data collected and processed by both entities.
"Personal data" means any information that could reasonably identify you either directly (e.g. your name) or indirectly (e.g. through a unique client ID number). The personal data we collect depends upon the touchpoint of our interaction and is also limited to that which is relevant and appropriate for the interaction. Unless you choose to interact with us via other touchpoints, our usual touchpoints are (but not limited to) when making a purchase or engaging on our site dior.com, creating a Dior profile, signing up for one of our programs (for example: My Exclusive Loyalty Program by Parfums Christian Dior) or services, clicking on our digital ads, using our apps, communicating with us via email, phone or submitting online forms, or posting a comment or a like online. For customers and other individuals who sign up for programs or services or otherwise interact with us beyond browsing our site via the touchpoints described above, for example, we collect certain relevant information from you. The information we collect is related to the particular transaction as well as our overall relationship with you. For example, if you make purchases from dior.com or in our stores, we must collect information to process (and, if relevant, fulfill and ship) your order. For customers and other individuals who sign up for our programs or services, we generally collect your contact details, contact preferences, and information that will allow us to make recommendations to you about our products or services that may be of interest. We may centralize the information pertaining to our customers so that we have it organized in one place, as this helps us manage our relationship with you as well as your choices and preferences. Or, if you subscribe to our personalised newsletter, we collect your email address. Depending on your interactions with us, personal data we receive may include information related to: Your identity and your contact details (e.g., name, address, email address, date of birth); Your Dior profile with information you may provide when creating your account (a) in a boutique (such as with your interests and your preferences) or (b) on dior.com (to manage your wish lists or see your transactions); Your purchases (in store or online, including your orders, their tracking information, your purchase invoices, the amount and type of your purchase) and any returns or exchanges; Your in store or online digital experiences (there is a short term collection of photos or images in relation to virtual beauty technology; however, our online digital and try-on experiences are operated by third-party vendors, and no information can be retrieved by Dior or any of its partners after your session closes), as per our contracts with these vendors; Your use of our online images, including when you visit and interact with them, what pages you accessed, and your interaction with our features. We also receive information to help detect and prevent consumer fraud, including but not limited to browser and keyboard language settings, whether data is automatically filled or manually entered, whether data is manually entered or copy and pasted, and proxy detection (dior.com, social media pages, partner websites (e.g. for events) and databases (e.g. for data storage and maintenance)); Your Dior account log-in information when you create an account on dior.com; Your financial information to process your orders ; Your requests through our client services or our public relations department; Your publications and mentions of our products on social networks; The Dior events you attend; The Dior hospitality locations you attend (such as one of our cafés); or Any self-reported undesirable side-effects concerning any of our products (for Parfums Christian Dior products). We invite you to keep us regularly informed in writing of any change in your contact details. We Collect and Use Limited Sensitive Information. As described above, we collect personal data that is described under some laws as sensitive personal data, special categories of personal data, sensitive personal information, or similar terms (collectively referred to here as “Sensitive Personal Data”). Here, we provide more information about which categories of the personal data described above may be designated as Sensitive Personal Data, and how we use these categories of Sensitive Personal Data. We only use Sensitive Personal Data to provide you goods and services, and do not use such information to infer characteristics about you. Depending on what you choose to provide and how we interact with you, we may collect: Account log-ins to provide Dior products and services. Account login information is used to identify an active user on any site that requires login. Login information includes first and last name and corresponding email for such account, as well as the associated account password. Financial information to process your orders. Depending on your purchase journey (in-store, online or with our Client Services Team), we collect and use the necessary credit or debit card information and required security or access codes in order to process payments and fulfill any order you make. Passport-related information to process your orders . We may collect passport or other government-issued ID information in connection with an order, including when you are purchasing a product in a country other than that in which you live, in order for you to make purchases free of value added tax (VAT). Self-reported data regarding undesirable side-effects of Parfums Christian Dior products to fulfill legal cosmetovigilance obligations. If you have a medical reaction to a Parfums Christian Dior product and choose to complete a questionnaire about those side effects and/or provide us with photos or other self-reported data, our client services and quality control team will evaluate the information and determine whether to provide it to a health regulator to fulfill legal cosmetovigilance obligations.
"Personal data" means any information that could reasonably identify you either directly (e.g. your name) or indirectly (e.g. through a unique client ID number).
The personal data we collect depends upon the touchpoint of our interaction and is also limited to that which is relevant and appropriate for the interaction. Unless you choose to interact with us via other touchpoints, our usual touchpoints are (but not limited to) when making a purchase or engaging on our site dior.com, creating a Dior profile, signing up for one of our programs (for example: My Exclusive Loyalty Program by Parfums Christian Dior) or services, clicking on our digital ads, using our apps, communicating with us via email, phone or submitting online forms, or posting a comment or a like online.
For customers and other individuals who sign up for programs or services or otherwise interact with us beyond browsing our site via the touchpoints described above, for example, we collect certain relevant information from you. The information we collect is related to the particular transaction as well as our overall relationship with you. For example, if you make purchases from dior.com or in our stores, we must collect information to process (and, if relevant, fulfill and ship) your order. For customers and other individuals who sign up for our programs or services, we generally collect your contact details, contact preferences, and information that will allow us to make recommendations to you about our products or services that may be of interest. We may centralize the information pertaining to our customers so that we have it organized in one place, as this helps us manage our relationship with you as well as your choices and preferences. Or, if you subscribe to our personalised newsletter, we collect your email address.
Depending on your interactions with us, personal data we receive may include information related to:
Your identity and your contact details (e.g., name, address, email address, date of birth);
Your Dior profile with information you may provide when creating your account (a) in a boutique (such as with your interests and your preferences) or (b) on dior.com (to manage your wish lists or see your transactions);
Your purchases (in store or online, including your orders, their tracking information, your purchase invoices, the amount and type of your purchase) and any returns or exchanges;
Your in store or online digital experiences (there is a short term collection of photos or images in relation to virtual beauty technology; however, our online digital and try-on experiences are operated by third-party vendors, and no information can be retrieved by Dior or any of its partners after your session closes), as per our contracts with these vendors;
Your use of our online images, including when you visit and interact with them, what pages you accessed, and your interaction with our features. We also receive information to help detect and prevent consumer fraud, including but not limited to browser and keyboard language settings, whether data is automatically filled or manually entered, whether data is manually entered or copy and pasted, and proxy detection (dior.com, social media pages, partner websites (e.g. for events) and databases (e.g. for data storage and maintenance));
Your Dior account log-in information when you create an account on dior.com;
Your financial information to process your orders ;
Your requests through our client services or our public relations department;
Your publications and mentions of our products on social networks;
The Dior events you attend;
The Dior hospitality locations you attend (such as one of our cafés); or
Any self-reported undesirable side-effects concerning any of our products (for Parfums Christian Dior products).
We invite you to keep us regularly informed in writing of any change in your contact details.
We Collect and Use Limited Sensitive Information.
As described above, we collect personal data that is described under some laws as sensitive personal data, special categories of personal data, sensitive personal information, or similar terms (collectively referred to here as “Sensitive Personal Data”). Here, we provide more information about which categories of the personal data described above may be designated as Sensitive Personal Data, and how we use these categories of Sensitive Personal Data. We only use Sensitive Personal Data to provide you goods and services, and do not use such information to infer characteristics about you. Depending on what you choose to provide and how we interact with you, we may collect:
Account log-ins to provide Dior products and services. Account login information is used to identify an active user on any site that requires login. Login information includes first and last name and corresponding email for such account, as well as the associated account password.
Financial information to process your orders. Depending on your purchase journey (in-store, online or with our Client Services Team), we collect and use the necessary credit or debit card information and required security or access codes in order to process payments and fulfill any order you make.
Passport-related information to process your orders . We may collect passport or other government-issued ID information in connection with an order, including when you are purchasing a product in a country other than that in which you live, in order for you to make purchases free of value added tax (VAT).
Self-reported data regarding undesirable side-effects of Parfums Christian Dior products to fulfill legal cosmetovigilance obligations. If you have a medical reaction to a Parfums Christian Dior product and choose to complete a questionnaire about those side effects and/or provide us with photos or other self-reported data, our client services and quality control team will evaluate the information and determine whether to provide it to a health regulator to fulfill legal cosmetovigilance obligations.
We may collect or receive your personal data via the following touchpoints: Use of dior.com, including when you create an online account; In-store, including in communication with our salesperson who may assist you in creating a Dior profile with an account via the Christian Dior Couture system either on your cell phone or on the in-store tool; Dior events you attend; A Dior hospitality location you attend; Public Relations relationship and communication; Contact with the Client Services, including when you call, text, email, message us via the contact us on dior.com, message one of our advisors via the Christian Dior Couture live chat. We may also offer you the opportunity to instant message us through apps (e.g., WhatsApp) to communicate with a sales associate. Please be aware that in this case you are sharing your public profile information with us. The personal data shared depends on your platform settings. Please note that these platforms have their own privacy policies; Forms you complete (in store or online); During your purchase journey, you will be able to choose between i) logging into your existing Dior account, ii) creating a new account, or iii) paying as a Guest; Digital experiences such as virtual beauty technology in store (if you choose to use that technology where offered via a retailer), or our third-party vendors may receive data via virtual try-on online; Loyalty or rewards program you benefit from; Dior social media pages you visit or interact with, or other social media pages on which you post Dior content or comments; Digital and social media advertising you click on; Search engines’ paid advertising you click on; Retailers (such as Department Stores) in which you have purchased a Dior product and in which you consented (e.g. via an iPad) to have your details shared with one of the Dior Maisons to receive its communications; Video surveillance: we use video surveillance in our stores in order to detect and address security and safety incidents, shoplifting, other potentially illegal activities, and adequate staffing considerations. If you enter our store, your images may be collected for these purposes; Other third-parties: fraud detection and prevention service providers or from public sources to meet legal and regulatory requirements, government entities, operating systems and platforms; We may also use cookies, web beacons, flash cookies, and other tracking technologies when you visit or navigate our website, such as pages and videos viewed; or Surveys or satisfaction questionnaires you answer. We may combine the personal data that we collect from you in store with personal data we collect through our website or from the devices you use to access our website or from third parties.
We may collect or receive your personal data via the following touchpoints:
Use of dior.com, including when you create an online account;
In-store, including in communication with our salesperson who may assist you in creating a Dior profile with an account via the Christian Dior Couture system either on your cell phone or on the in-store tool;
Dior events you attend;
A Dior hospitality location you attend;
Public Relations relationship and communication;
Contact with the Client Services, including when you call, text, email, message us via the contact us on dior.com, message one of our advisors via the Christian Dior Couture live chat. We may also offer you the opportunity to instant message us through apps (e.g., WhatsApp) to communicate with a sales associate. Please be aware that in this case you are sharing your public profile information with us. The personal data shared depends on your platform settings. Please note that these platforms have their own privacy policies;
Forms you complete (in store or online);
During your purchase journey, you will be able to choose between i) logging into your existing Dior account, ii) creating a new account, or iii) paying as a Guest;
Digital experiences such as virtual beauty technology in store (if you choose to use that technology where offered via a retailer), or our third-party vendors may receive data via virtual try-on online;
Loyalty or rewards program you benefit from;
Dior social media pages you visit or interact with, or other social media pages on which you post Dior content or comments;
Digital and social media advertising you click on;
Search engines’ paid advertising you click on;
Retailers (such as Department Stores) in which you have purchased a Dior product and in which you consented (e.g. via an iPad) to have your details shared with one of the Dior Maisons to receive its communications;
Video surveillance: we use video surveillance in our stores in order to detect and address security and safety incidents, shoplifting, other potentially illegal activities, and adequate staffing considerations. If you enter our store, your images may be collected for these purposes;
Other third-parties: fraud detection and prevention service providers or from public sources to meet legal and regulatory requirements, government entities, operating systems and platforms;
We may also use cookies, web beacons, flash cookies, and other tracking technologies when you visit or navigate our website, such as pages and videos viewed; or
Surveys or satisfaction questionnaires you answer.
We may combine the personal data that we collect from you in store with personal data we collect through our website or from the devices you use to access our website or from third parties.
Depending on the context in which your data is collected, we use your data for: the provision of Dior products and services, including the management of your orders, the management of personalized content, communications and interactions with Dior (digital or otherwise), and providing customer support; the facilitation of showing you what your selected product would look like on you (in relation to using our virtual beauty and try-on technology, though when online, all processing for providing the feature is done by our third-party vendors’ proprietary technology); the management of your account and Dior profile (for example, in order to simplify your navigation through our different country-specific websites, if you navigate to another country your Dior profile will automatically be duplicated in that market. This means that it will not be necessary to create a new Dior profile); contacting you by calling you, sending you emails, SMS or other communications, as permitted by law; the management of your loyalty or rewards program; the management of your requests linked with Dior; the management of events or hospitality locations which you register for or attend, either here or abroad; the management of alerts you send us as part of our cosmetovigilance obligations (for Parfums Christian Dior products); the management of our website and our digital apps; the management and improvement of our products and services, image and reputation; the management of payments (online transaction security, fraud prevention, legal and compliance related purposes, payment incidents and debt collection); marketing purposes. For example, we may use your data to contact you about new products and special offers we think you’ll find valuable based on your interests, or to subscribe you to a newsletter at your request (you have the right to opt-out if you no longer wish to receive it). We and our partners may engage in interest-based advertising using your data gathered across multiple websites, devices, or other platforms; audio recordings and images: we may also collect audio recordings, photos of your product for repair, and other information when you contact us; security and legal purposes to protect our company, our customers, our associates, and our platform. For instance, we and/or our service providers use your data to prevent and protect against consumer fraud and violations of the Terms of Purchase; other internal purposes, such as to meet insurance and processing requirements, for administrative and audit purposes, and in some cases, we may seek your permission if we are legally required to do so; and analysis purposes: > analyse the performance of our Maison on social networks in order to produce statistical analyses (studies of results by country, influence of the Maison and analysis of the campaigns implemented). > analyse your preferences and habits, anticipate your needs from your Dior profile and your publications/mentions on social networks. > personalised customer experience: we may provide you with personalised communications by means of email, postal mail, SMS or calls based on the communication preferences you have indicated and your Dior profile (where permitted) (if you have an account, please connect to either your Parfums Christian Dior account or your Christian Dior Couture account to modify your channel preferences. Otherwise, you can contact our customer service (see "Contact Us" section below). With your free, specific, informed and unambiguous consent (where required), we use your personal data to send you personalised communications based on your interests (newsletters, offers, invitations and surveys). In the latter two interactions (“analysing your preferences and habits” & “providing you with a personalised customer experience”), when we send personalised communications or content, we may use so-called profiling techniques. For the sake of transparency within this Statement, profiling is currently defined as any kind of automated processing of personal data which consists of using that personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict elements relating to the preferences, interests, behaviour or location of that natural person. In these circumstances, you have the right to opt-out, meaning the right to withdraw your consent by unsubscribing or see the “Contact Us” section below. The legal basis for the processing of your data can be, depending in which context your data is collected: Your consent (e.g. to manage our tailored services, managing your browsing via cookies); The performance of a contract (e.g. managing your access to your customer account on dior.com, processing and tracking your orders, your subscription to our loyalty program); A legal obligation when processing is required by law (e.g. retention of purchase invoices, cosmetovigilance for Parfums Christian Dior products); or Our legitimate interest: improve our products and services, prevent fraud, secure our tools or tailor our communications.
Depending on the context in which your data is collected, we use your data for:
the provision of Dior products and services, including the management of your orders, the management of personalized content, communications and interactions with Dior (digital or otherwise), and providing customer support;
the facilitation of showing you what your selected product would look like on you (in relation to using our virtual beauty and try-on technology, though when online, all processing for providing the feature is done by our third-party vendors’ proprietary technology);
the management of your account and Dior profile (for example, in order to simplify your navigation through our different country-specific websites, if you navigate to another country your Dior profile will automatically be duplicated in that market. This means that it will not be necessary to create a new Dior profile);
contacting you by calling you, sending you emails, SMS or other communications, as permitted by law;
the management of your loyalty or rewards program;
the management of your requests linked with Dior;
the management of events or hospitality locations which you register for or attend, either here or abroad;
the management of alerts you send us as part of our cosmetovigilance obligations (for Parfums Christian Dior products);
the management of our website and our digital apps;
the management and improvement of our products and services, image and reputation;
the management of payments (online transaction security, fraud prevention, legal and compliance related purposes, payment incidents and debt collection);
marketing purposes. For example, we may use your data to contact you about new products and special offers we think you’ll find valuable based on your interests, or to subscribe you to a newsletter at your request (you have the right to opt-out if you no longer wish to receive it). We and our partners may engage in interest-based advertising using your data gathered across multiple websites, devices, or other platforms; audio recordings and images: we may also collect audio recordings, photos of your product for repair, and other information when you contact us;
security and legal purposes to protect our company, our customers, our associates, and our platform. For instance, we and/or our service providers use your data to prevent and protect against consumer fraud and violations of the Terms of Purchase;
other internal purposes, such as to meet insurance and processing requirements, for administrative and audit purposes, and in some cases, we may seek your permission if we are legally required to do so; and
analysis purposes:
> analyse the performance of our Maison on social networks in order to produce statistical analyses (studies of results by country, influence of the Maison and analysis of the campaigns implemented).
> analyse your preferences and habits, anticipate your needs from your Dior profile and your publications/mentions on social networks.
> personalised customer experience: we may provide you with personalised communications by means of email, postal mail, SMS or calls based on the communication preferences you have indicated and your Dior profile (where permitted) (if you have an account, please connect to either your Parfums Christian Dior account or your Christian Dior Couture account to modify your channel preferences. Otherwise, you can contact our customer service (see "Contact Us" section below). With your free, specific, informed and unambiguous consent (where required), we use your personal data to send you personalised communications based on your interests (newsletters, offers, invitations and surveys).
In the latter two interactions (“analysing your preferences and habits” & “providing you with a personalised customer experience”), when we send personalised communications or content, we may use so-called profiling techniques. For the sake of transparency within this Statement, profiling is currently defined as any kind of automated processing of personal data which consists of using that personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict elements relating to the preferences, interests, behaviour or location of that natural person. In these circumstances, you have the right to opt-out, meaning the right to withdraw your consent by unsubscribing or see the “Contact Us” section below.
The legal basis for the processing of your data can be, depending in which context your data is collected:
Your consent (e.g. to manage our tailored services, managing your browsing via cookies);
The performance of a contract (e.g. managing your access to your customer account on dior.com, processing and tracking your orders, your subscription to our loyalty program);
A legal obligation when processing is required by law (e.g. retention of purchase invoices, cosmetovigilance for Parfums Christian Dior products); or
Our legitimate interest: improve our products and services, prevent fraud, secure our tools or tailor our communications.
Please note that each Maison has its own retention periods that include the requirements regarding the products each Maison offers. Unless otherwise stated, we only keep your personal data for as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose of collection, to meet your needs, or to comply with our legal or business obligations, and to fulfill the purposes described above in this Privacy Statement. We use the following criteria to determine how long to retain personal data: Our relationship with you, and the products and services we provide to you; Your requests to us regarding your information, or our products or services; Any legal obligations to retain the data, or for our own legal purposes (such as enforcing our agreements or litigation); Recommendations and legal requirements, including applicable international, national, federal and state statutes; and Technical considerations and feasibility, and level of protections in place for your personal data. When we no longer need to use your personal data, it is removed from our systems and records or anonymized so that you can no longer be identified from it. For Christian Dior Couture : - we keep your data for up to 10 years from the date of your last purchase. For Parfums Christian Dior : - for customers (i.e.: those that have a customer account) or Client ‘Guests’ (i.e. those that do not have a customer account but have made a purchase as a “Guest”), we keep your personal data up to 5 years from the last interaction with us (i.e: last purchase) - for prospective customers (i.e. those that have not made a purchase and do not have a customer account, but are registered for our communications), we keep your data up to 3 years from the last interaction with us (i.e: participation in an event) When you choose to use our virtual beauty or try-on technology: in store (where offered via a retailer) the photos or images connected with that use are stored for a maximum period of 7 days, and then irreversibly erased; Online, the photos, images, and information processed to apply the selected beauty or try-on feature is never possessed by Dior (rather it is only possessed by our third-party vendor) and is not retained or stored.
Please note that each Maison has its own retention periods that include the requirements regarding the products each Maison offers.
Unless otherwise stated, we only keep your personal data for as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose of collection, to meet your needs, or to comply with our legal or business obligations, and to fulfill the purposes described above in this Privacy Statement.
We use the following criteria to determine how long to retain personal data:
Our relationship with you, and the products and services we provide to you;
Your requests to us regarding your information, or our products or services;
Any legal obligations to retain the data, or for our own legal purposes (such as enforcing our agreements or litigation);
Recommendations and legal requirements, including applicable international, national, federal and state statutes; and
Technical considerations and feasibility, and level of protections in place for your personal data.
When we no longer need to use your personal data, it is removed from our systems and records or anonymized so that you can no longer be identified from it.
For Christian Dior Couture :
- we keep your data for up to 10 years from the date of your last purchase.
For Parfums Christian Dior :
- for customers (i.e.: those that have a customer account) or Client ‘Guests’ (i.e. those that do not have a customer account but have made a purchase as a “Guest”), we keep your personal data up to 5 years from the last interaction with us (i.e: last purchase)
- for prospective customers (i.e. those that have not made a purchase and do not have a customer account, but are registered for our communications), we keep your data up to 3 years from the last interaction with us (i.e: participation in an event)
When you choose to use our virtual beauty or try-on technology:
in store (where offered via a retailer) the photos or images connected with that use are stored for a maximum period of 7 days, and then irreversibly erased;
Online, the photos, images, and information processed to apply the selected beauty or try-on feature is never possessed by Dior (rather it is only possessed by our third-party vendor) and is not retained or stored.
We ensure that only duly authorized persons can access your personal data when necessary for the above-mentioned purposes. We communicate your information, including if possible, in a form that does not allow a direct identification, to: Other Dior entities and other entities of the LVMH group, acting as processors according to our instructions and solely on our behalf, to provide you with the same personalized service worldwide. Our trusted third-party service providers, including third parties in charge of managing our communications and alerts, third parties who assist us in the organization of our events or hospitality locations, third parties providing IT services, digital communication and public relations agencies, third parties who assist us with customer care and logistics services, third parties who assist us with providing our apps and other tools, and our third parties who assist us in the management of your orders. In particular, we entrust certain services to third parties in charge of delivering you a product, payment service providers and providers securing transactions against fraud. Third-party partners, who provide, marketing, website performance, analytics, and similar services for Dior, including cookies or other trackers. Department stores in which you buy our products who may assist in cases such as fraud cases or insurance coverage. Please note that these third-party partners may act as data controllers; in such cases, they have their own privacy policies. These third parties include: Third parties in the event of a change of control, for legal reasons, or with your prior consent Third parties wishing to know your main interests to constitute similar audiences and target prospects that match your profile. In the context of this specific data processing, Dior is not the Data Controller relating to prospecting and you will not be subject to prospecting, your data is only used to constitute profiles similar to yours We illustrate some examples below: - Facebook (Privacy policy accessible here ) - Google (Privacy policy here ) - Instagram (Privacy policy accessible here ) Third parties conducting statistics on our performance on social networks on our behalf Third parties such as IAS (International Accreditation Service), which assists us, for example, in finding out the exposure rate of our created formats. For more information, their privacy policy is available here . Targeted advertising on third party platforms linked to your email address & ability to opt-out If you have provided your email address to us, we may use your email address and other non-cookie personal information to deliver to you targeted advertising of Dior products on third party platforms like social media platforms and search engines like Google and Bing. You may optout of the sharing of your personal information with these platforms that will process your personal information for the purpose of providing such advertising of Dior products. To opt-out, please see the “Contact Us” section below to send us an email requesting the opt-out of targeted advertising linked to your client email. Please note that this is a separate opt-out from the targeted advertising cookie settings also available on dior.com and described below. Cookies & ability to opt-out We may share with third parties through cookies and other trackers that we use for performance purposes, targeted advertisements, and social media purposes, as described above. Information disclosed to such third parties includes basic identification information, device information and other unique identifiers, internet activity, and commercial data. Dior uses cookies, including third-party cookies, and other trackers, for strictly necessary purposes that allow our website to function, for performance reasons that allow us to measure and improve the performance of our website, for functional reasons such as to provide you with enhanced functionality and personalization, for targeted advertisements such as to provide you with marketing aligned with your previous choices and behavior, and for social media purposes that allow you to share our content with your friends and networks. You have the right to accept or reject all cookies except strictly necessary cookies. To opt-out of all or selected cookies with the on/off toggle, please visit the “Do not sell or share my personal information / cookies” in the footer of dior.com. You may also choose to separately disclose your personal data to certain partners, advertisers or affiliates by following a link to and from their websites. Please note that these websites have their own privacy policies which apply to the personal data that you may choose to entrust to them. We honor valid opt-out preference signals (Do Not Track) The purpose of an opt-out preference signal (Do Not Track) is to provide consumers with a simple and easy-to-use method to notify businesses that they do not want their Personal Information shared with other third parties for advertising or other purposes unrelated to the purpose for which their Personal Information was collected. Through an opt-out preference signal, consumers can opt out of sharing their Personal Information with all businesses that they interact with online without having to make individualized requests to each business . We process, via browsers, opt-out preference signals that meet the following requirements and are therefore considered valid: (1) the signal is in a format commonly used and recognized by us, such as HTTP header field and (2) the platform, technology, or mechanism that sends (at your request) the signal must make clear that the signal is meant to have the effect of opting you out of sharing your Personal Information. Currently, we respond to the Global Privacy Control ("GPC") signal.”
We ensure that only duly authorized persons can access your personal data when necessary for the above-mentioned purposes.
We communicate your information, including if possible, in a form that does not allow a direct identification, to:
Other Dior entities and other entities of the LVMH group, acting as processors according to our instructions and solely on our behalf, to provide you with the same personalized service worldwide.
Our trusted third-party service providers, including third parties in charge of managing our communications and alerts, third parties who assist us in the organization of our events or hospitality locations, third parties providing IT services, digital communication and public relations agencies, third parties who assist us with customer care and logistics services, third parties who assist us with providing our apps and other tools, and our third parties who assist us in the management of your orders. In particular, we entrust certain services to third parties in charge of delivering you a product, payment service providers and providers securing transactions against fraud.
Third-party partners, who provide, marketing, website performance, analytics, and similar services for Dior, including cookies or other trackers.
Department stores in which you buy our products who may assist in cases such as fraud cases or insurance coverage.
Please note that these third-party partners may act as data controllers; in such cases, they have their own privacy policies. These third parties include:
Third parties in the event of a change of control, for legal reasons, or with your prior consent
Third parties wishing to know your main interests to constitute similar audiences and target prospects that match your profile. In the context of this specific data processing, Dior is not the Data Controller relating to prospecting and you will not be subject to prospecting, your data is only used to constitute profiles similar to yours
We illustrate some examples below:
- Facebook (Privacy policy accessible here )
- Google (Privacy policy here )
- Instagram (Privacy policy accessible here )
Third parties conducting statistics on our performance on social networks on our behalf
Third parties such as IAS (International Accreditation Service), which assists us, for example, in finding out the exposure rate of our created formats. For more information, their privacy policy is available here .
Targeted advertising on third party platforms linked to your email address & ability to opt-out
If you have provided your email address to us, we may use your email address and other non-cookie personal information to deliver to you targeted advertising of Dior products on third party platforms like social media platforms and search engines like Google and Bing. You may optout of the sharing of your personal information with these platforms that will process your personal information for the purpose of providing such advertising of Dior products. To opt-out, please see the “Contact Us” section below to send us an email requesting the opt-out of targeted advertising linked to your client email. Please note that this is a separate opt-out from the targeted advertising cookie settings also available on dior.com and described below.
Cookies & ability to opt-out
We may share with third parties through cookies and other trackers that we use for performance purposes, targeted advertisements, and social media purposes, as described above. Information disclosed to such third parties includes basic identification information, device information and other unique identifiers, internet activity, and commercial data. Dior uses cookies, including third-party cookies, and other trackers, for strictly necessary purposes that allow our website to function, for performance reasons that allow us to measure and improve the performance of our website, for functional reasons such as to provide you with enhanced functionality and personalization, for targeted advertisements such as to provide you with marketing aligned with your previous choices and behavior, and for social media purposes that allow you to share our content with your friends and networks.
You have the right to accept or reject all cookies except strictly necessary cookies. To opt-out of all or selected cookies with the on/off toggle, please visit the “Do not sell or share my personal information / cookies” in the footer of dior.com.
You may also choose to separately disclose your personal data to certain partners, advertisers or affiliates by following a link to and from their websites. Please note that these websites have their own privacy policies which apply to the personal data that you may choose to entrust to them.
We honor valid opt-out preference signals (Do Not Track)
The purpose of an opt-out preference signal (Do Not Track) is to provide consumers with a simple and easy-to-use method to notify businesses that they do not want their Personal Information shared with other third parties for advertising or other purposes unrelated to the purpose for which their Personal Information was collected. Through an opt-out preference signal, consumers can opt out of sharing their Personal Information with all businesses that they interact with online without having to make individualized requests to each business .
We process, via browsers, opt-out preference signals that meet the following requirements and are therefore considered valid: (1) the signal is in a format commonly used and recognized by us, such as HTTP header field and (2) the platform, technology, or mechanism that sends (at your request) the signal must make clear that the signal is meant to have the effect of opting you out of sharing your Personal Information. Currently, we respond to the Global Privacy Control ("GPC") signal.”
We have adopted reasonable and appropriate physical, technical and organizational security safeguards to protect your data from loss, misuse, alteration, destruction or access by unauthorized third parties. The Internet, wireless networks and information storage are not 100% secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data stored or sent to us. We encourage you to take precautions to protect your personal data. For example, in creating your account on dior.com, entering a personal password complying with our security requirements is compulsory and part of this Privacy Statement. The security safeguards that we have adopted are commensurate with the sensitivity of the particular data collected. Regarding your purchases, your bank details are encrypted through Dior servers. Payments are made via a secure payment platform which is PCI-DSS certified, supplemented by control measures, to ensure the security of purchases made and to fight against fraud. We also require our partners and group companies to uphold a substantially similar level of protection for your personal data. The measures are evaluated and updated to address new threats and challenges, as well as new legal requirements in the countries where we operate. To the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, you agree and acknowledge that Dior will not be liable or responsible for use or disclosure of your information that is the result of unauthorized or illegal access to our systems or those of our vendors, agents, contractors, affiliates, or partners. If you have reason to believe that the security of your communications or personal data has been compromised, please notify us immediately using the contact information below.
We have adopted reasonable and appropriate physical, technical and organizational security safeguards to protect your data from loss, misuse, alteration, destruction or access by unauthorized third parties. The Internet, wireless networks and information storage are not 100% secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data stored or sent to us. We encourage you to take precautions to protect your personal data. For example, in creating your account on dior.com, entering a personal password complying with our security requirements is compulsory and part of this Privacy Statement. The security safeguards that we have adopted are commensurate with the sensitivity of the particular data collected.
Regarding your purchases, your bank details are encrypted through Dior servers. Payments are made via a secure payment platform which is PCI-DSS certified, supplemented by control measures, to ensure the security of purchases made and to fight against fraud.
We also require our partners and group companies to uphold a substantially similar level of protection for your personal data. The measures are evaluated and updated to address new threats and challenges, as well as new legal requirements in the countries where we operate.
To the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, you agree and acknowledge that Dior will not be liable or responsible for use or disclosure of your information that is the result of unauthorized or illegal access to our systems or those of our vendors, agents, contractors, affiliates, or partners. If you have reason to believe that the security of your communications or personal data has been compromised, please notify us immediately using the contact information below.
Because Dior operates in many countries across the world, some of your personal data may be collected, accessible or stored outside of your country of residence. You should know that the data protection and security requirements differ from place to place and may not offer the same level of protection as those in your home country. Nevertheless, Dior and our group companies have taken steps to ensure an adequate level of protection of your data irrespective of where it is located, such as by using data transfer methods approved by the European Commission or by establishing contracts that provide adequate protection in accordance with legislative requirements. We also require our third-party partners to fulfill applicable data transfer obligations in relation to the personal data that they receive on our behalf.
In accordance with applicable laws and requirements, Dior and its group companies have put in place measures to fulfill the rights of individuals in relation to the personal data that we (or our third parties) hold about them. This includes, for example, the right to know about the personal data we hold about you or to obtain a copy, and the limited rights to amend your personal data, request erasure, or object to the processing of your personal data. We encourage individuals who have entrusted their personal data to us to keep it current (such as if you change your email address, address or phone number), so that we have your correct information on file. We also encourage consumers to update their preferences with us, such as in relation to products and the frequency of communications, so that we can personalize our service to your expectations and needs. Finally, we offer individuals the right to withdraw consent from our programs and offerings at any time. To do so, or to exercise any of these other rights, please see “ Contact Us ” section below. For individuals seeking access to their personal data, we also require verification to ensure that we are not providing personal data to an unauthorized person. See below for additional protections provided for those individuals in particular regions.
Consistent with applicable law, you may exercise rights described in this policy. Please note that some of the rights may vary depending on your country, province, or state of residence. Dior has adopted data protection and security practices described in this Statement for all individuals within scope, on a local or regional level. This includes, those required for residents of the European Union/European Economic Area under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679, those required for California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 sections 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), those required for Quebec residents under the Act respecting the protection of personal information in the private sector (RLRQ, ch. P-39.1) (“Quebec Act”), and those required under applicable law in the U.S. and Canada . European Union Privacy Rights The European Union’s GDPR provides the following rights (with some exceptions): The right to be informed: you have the right to obtain clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your personal data, and your rights. You will find all this information in this Statement; The right of access: you have the right to access to the personal data Dior holds about you; The right of rectification: you have the right to have your personal data rectified if it is incorrect or outdated and / or completed if it is incomplete; The right to erasure / right to be forgotten: you have the right to have your personal data erased or deleted. Please note this is not an absolute right, as we may have legal or legitimate grounds for retaining your personal data; The right to object to direct marketing: you can unsubscribe or opt out of our direct marketing communication at any time. You are able to do so by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any email or communication we send you. The right to withdraw consent at any time for data processing based on consent: You can withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data when such processing is based on consent; and The right to data portability: you have the right to move, copy or transfer data from our database to another. This only applies to personal data that you have provided, where processing is based on a contract or your consent, and the processing is carried out by automated means. United States Consumer Privacy Rights While Dior applies the GDPR benchmark globally, there are specific privacy laws in the U.S., including California’s CCPA, as amended by the CPRA, and certain similar consumer privacy laws in other States. To this effect, Dior complies with rights of consumers regarding the personal data that we collect and hold about them. Those rights may vary by State within the U.S. For example, as a Client of Dior in the U.S., you may have the right to: Transparency . Businesses that collect personal data subject to the California CCPA and CPRA or the laws of certain other States, have a responsibility to provide you with notice regarding the categories of personal data to be collected (see “WHAT personal data may we collect or receive about you?” above), the purposes for which the categories of personal data are collected or used (see “FOR WHAT PURPOSES are your personal data used by Dior?” above), whether that information is sold or shared (see “WHO may access your personal data?” above), and the length of time we intend to retain each category of personal data, or if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period (see “FOR HOW LONG may we keep it?” above), among other information. Access the categories and specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal data is collected, the business purpose for collecting the personal data, and the categories of third parties with whom Dior shares personal data. Limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal data. Although this is a right in certain States, because Dior only uses sensitive personal data as reasonably necessary to provide products and services, and for internal business or legal obligations , we do not, and are not required to, offer this right. Correct inaccurate or obsolete personal data that the Company may maintain. Delete the personal data under certain circumstances. 6. Opt-out of the sale of sharing of personal data . Dior may “sell” or “share” the personal data of California residents in the context of transferring information to third parties (as described in the “WHO may access your data?” section above, in the following two contexts: (a) sharing information using cookies and other trackers by third parties for use in analytics and targeted advertising. California residents can contact us by using one of the contact methods below, or you may accept or reject all cookies except strictly necessary cookies by visiting Do not sell or share my personal information / cookies on dior.com and using the on/off toggle. Rejecting all cookies will opt you out of any selling or sharing of personal information; (b) sharing your email address with third party platforms to service you advertising of Dior products on those platforms. California residents can opt-out of receiving this targeted advertising by contacting us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below. Using these opt-out options will opt you out of all “sales” and “sharing” as defined by CPRA for cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising and of “profiling” cookies as defined in Quebec. Right to non-discrimination. Dior does not discriminate against our users on the basis of their exercising any of their rights afforded by the CCPA and CPRA or other applicable laws in the U.S.. How to exercise your rights . To request access to your personal data, or correct or delete your personal data, see the “Contact Us” section below. Responding to your requests. We will first acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days after receipt of your request. We will provide a substantive response to your request within 45 calendar days after its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days or the permitted timeframe), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Only you or an authorized agent (as described below) may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal data. How to Authorize an Agent . You may designate an authorized agent to submit your verified consumer request on your behalf, only if the authorized agent has your written permission to do so and you have taken steps to verify your identity directly with us. How We Verify Your Request . To respond to your request we must verify your identity or the authority of your authorized agent. We will only use the personal data provided in that context to verify your identity or the authority of your authorized agent to make the request. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. To allow us to verify your request, we will we will ask that you please provide us with information about the products you may have purchased on our website or in our Boutiques, or events in which you may have participated, or exchanges you may have had with our Client Service Center by email, or text exchanges you may have had with one of our Sale Associates in a Boutique, or if none of the prior sources applies, we may send you an email verification to the email address that we have on file, and request that you confirm your name or other information that we have on file. If we do not have your email address on file, or you do not receive our email verification, we may verify your information using a government-issued card with a name that corresponds to information we have on file. California’s Shine the Light Law California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as "Shine The Light" law, permits California residents to annually request information regarding the disclosure of your personal data (if any) to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal data with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Consistent with applicable law, you may exercise rights described in this policy. Please note that some of the rights may vary depending on your country, province, or state of residence.
Dior has adopted data protection and security practices described in this Statement for all individuals within scope, on a local or regional level. This includes, those required for residents of the European Union/European Economic Area under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679, those required for California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 sections 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), those required for Quebec residents under the Act respecting the protection of personal information in the private sector (RLRQ, ch. P-39.1) (“Quebec Act”), and those required under applicable law in the U.S. and Canada .
European Union Privacy Rights
The European Union’s GDPR provides the following rights (with some exceptions):
The right to be informed: you have the right to obtain clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your personal data, and your rights. You will find all this information in this Statement;
The right of access: you have the right to access to the personal data Dior holds about you;
The right of rectification: you have the right to have your personal data rectified if it is incorrect or outdated and / or completed if it is incomplete;
The right to erasure / right to be forgotten: you have the right to have your personal data erased or deleted. Please note this is not an absolute right, as we may have legal or legitimate grounds for retaining your personal data;
The right to object to direct marketing: you can unsubscribe or opt out of our direct marketing communication at any time. You are able to do so by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any email or communication we send you.
The right to withdraw consent at any time for data processing based on consent: You can withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data when such processing is based on consent; and
The right to data portability: you have the right to move, copy or transfer data from our database to another. This only applies to personal data that you have provided, where processing is based on a contract or your consent, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
United States Consumer Privacy Rights
While Dior applies the GDPR benchmark globally, there are specific privacy laws in the U.S., including California’s CCPA, as amended by the CPRA, and certain similar consumer privacy laws in other States. To this effect, Dior complies with rights of consumers regarding the personal data that we collect and hold about them. Those rights may vary by State within the U.S.
For example, as a Client of Dior in the U.S., you may have the right to:
Transparency . Businesses that collect personal data subject to the California CCPA and CPRA or the laws of certain other States, have a responsibility to provide you with notice regarding the categories of personal data to be collected (see “WHAT personal data may we collect or receive about you?” above), the purposes for which the categories of personal data are collected or used (see “FOR WHAT PURPOSES are your personal data used by Dior?” above), whether that information is sold or shared (see “WHO may access your personal data?” above), and the length of time we intend to retain each category of personal data, or if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period (see “FOR HOW LONG may we keep it?” above), among other information.
Access the categories and specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal data is collected, the business purpose for collecting the personal data, and the categories of third parties with whom Dior shares personal data.
Limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal data. Although this is a right in certain States, because Dior only uses sensitive personal data as reasonably necessary to provide products and services, and for internal business or legal obligations , we do not, and are not required to, offer this right.
Correct inaccurate or obsolete personal data that the Company may maintain.
Delete the personal data under certain circumstances.
6. Opt-out of the sale of sharing of personal data . Dior may “sell” or “share” the personal data of California residents in the context of transferring information to third parties (as described in the “WHO may access your data?” section above, in the following two contexts:
(a) sharing information using cookies and other trackers by third parties for use in analytics and targeted advertising. California residents can contact us by using one of the contact methods below, or you may accept or reject all cookies except strictly necessary cookies by visiting Do not sell or share my personal information / cookies on dior.com and using the on/off toggle. Rejecting all cookies will opt you out of any selling or sharing of personal information;
(b) sharing your email address with third party platforms to service you advertising of Dior products on those platforms. California residents can opt-out of receiving this targeted advertising by contacting us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.
Using these opt-out options will opt you out of all “sales” and “sharing” as defined by CPRA for cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising and of “profiling” cookies as defined in Quebec.
Right to non-discrimination. Dior does not discriminate against our users on the basis of their exercising any of their rights afforded by the CCPA and CPRA or other applicable laws in the U.S..
How to exercise your rights . To request access to your personal data, or correct or delete your personal data, see the “Contact Us” section below.
Responding to your requests. We will first acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days after receipt of your request. We will provide a substantive response to your request within 45 calendar days after its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days or the permitted timeframe), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Only you or an authorized agent (as described below) may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal data.
How to Authorize an Agent . You may designate an authorized agent to submit your verified consumer request on your behalf, only if the authorized agent has your written permission to do so and you have taken steps to verify your identity directly with us.
How We Verify Your Request . To respond to your request we must verify your identity or the authority of your authorized agent. We will only use the personal data provided in that context to verify your identity or the authority of your authorized agent to make the request. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. To allow us to verify your request, we will we will ask that you please provide us with information about the products you may have purchased on our website or in our Boutiques, or events in which you may have participated, or exchanges you may have had with our Client Service Center by email, or text exchanges you may have had with one of our Sale Associates in a Boutique, or if none of the prior sources applies, we may send you an email verification to the email address that we have on file, and request that you confirm your name or other information that we have on file. If we do not have your email address on file, or you do not receive our email verification, we may verify your information using a government-issued card with a name that corresponds to information we have on file.
California’s Shine the Light Law
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as "Shine The Light" law, permits California residents to annually request information regarding the disclosure of your personal data (if any) to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal data with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
This Notice of Financial Incentive includes an explanation of our programs that may be considered financial incentives under applicable law, such as the CPRA. For example, Parfums Christian Dior offers members-only benefits and rewards (“Incentives”) to customers who share personal information with us (e.g. name, email address, billing address, birthday and other identifiers) by setting up an account and signing up for the My Exclusive Loyalty Program (collectively “Programs”). By joining the Programs, you get access to exclusive Incentives depending on your membership status which includes in particular: welcome, birthday, holiday, and other gifts; consultations; early access to Dior events; and a Luxury Miniature. The material aspects of these Programs will be explained to you when you sign up. We offer these Programs and Incentives to better serve you and to provide products and services that meet your needs. The value of your personal information varies depending on a number of factors including the resources required to collect and maintain such information. Incentives are not directly tied to, or exclusively based upon, a set value of any individual element of your personal information, but are reasonably based in good faith on the following considerations: Online and email marketing, and exclusive Incentives, provide a tailored and exclusive experience for existing and potential customers to interact with us and explore our products; Online and email marketing is an integral part of Parfums Christian Dior’s ability to attract and maintain existing and potential customers and allows us to provide you with information you want; Incentives, the value and provision of which are impacted by performance targets, geographic location, seasonality, costs to provide, and market trends. Your participation in these Programs is voluntary. You may withdraw at any time by contacting us at Parfums Christian Dior, see “ Contact Us ” section below.
This Notice of Financial Incentive includes an explanation of our programs that may be considered financial incentives under applicable law, such as the CPRA. For example, Parfums Christian Dior offers members-only benefits and rewards (“Incentives”) to customers who share personal information with us (e.g. name, email address, billing address, birthday and other identifiers) by setting up an account and signing up for the My Exclusive Loyalty Program (collectively “Programs”). By joining the Programs, you get access to exclusive Incentives depending on your membership status which includes in particular: welcome, birthday, holiday, and other gifts; consultations; early access to Dior events; and a Luxury Miniature. The material aspects of these Programs will be explained to you when you sign up.
We offer these Programs and Incentives to better serve you and to provide products and services that meet your needs. The value of your personal information varies depending on a number of factors including the resources required to collect and maintain such information. Incentives are not directly tied to, or exclusively based upon, a set value of any individual element of your personal information, but are reasonably based in good faith on the following considerations:
Online and email marketing, and exclusive Incentives, provide a tailored and exclusive experience for existing and potential customers to interact with us and explore our products;
Online and email marketing is an integral part of Parfums Christian Dior’s ability to attract and maintain existing and potential customers and allows us to provide you with information you want;
Incentives, the value and provision of which are impacted by performance targets, geographic location, seasonality, costs to provide, and market trends.
Your participation in these Programs is voluntary. You may withdraw at any time by contacting us at Parfums Christian Dior, see “ Contact Us ” section below.
While Dior applies the GDPR benchmark globally, there are specific privacy laws in Canada, including the Quebec Act, and certain similar consumer privacy laws at the federal and provincial levels. To this effect, Dior complies with rights of consumers regarding the personal data that we collect and hold about them. Those rights vary by province. For example, as a Client of Dior in Canada and a resident, you may have the right to: 1. Transparency . Upon request, Dior shall inform the individual of: The personal information collected from the individual; The categories of individuals who have access to the information within the organization; How long the information will be retained; The contact information for the Privacy Officer. 2. Access . With certain exceptions, individuals have the right to be informed of their personal information held by a company and, if necessary, to request that it be corrected. To access your personal information, you must send a written request to Dior’s Privacy Officer (See “CONTACT US”) or to the store that holds your personal information. 3. Correction and Erasure . When you are informed of the existence in a file or record of inaccurate, incomplete or equivocal information about you, or if its collection, communication or retention is not authorized by law, you may make a request for its correction or erasure. 4. Deindexation . Individuals can ask organizations to stop posting their personal information or to de-index any hyperlinks to their name that provide access to information if such posting causes harm to the individual or contravenes a law or court order (right to erasure or to be forgotten). 5. Portability . The right to portability allows an individual to obtain access to computerized personal information that has been provided to an organization, for example, when creating an account online, in a structured and commonly used technological format. An individual may request access to his or her personal information for his or her own use, including for the purpose of retaining the information in a private storage space or disclosing it to a third party of his or her choice. At the request of the individual, the information may also be disclosed to any person or organization authorized by law to collect it. 6. Assistance . Dior has delegated the internal management and oversight of its privacy program to its Privacy Officer. It is the Privacy Officer who approves and implements privacy policies and procedures, ensures their proper functioning and reports to Dior’s senior management on the effectiveness of the program. The Privacy Officer is also responsible for providing you with the necessary support in the event of a privacy-related question, complaint or request. For more information, please consult the "Contact us" section.
While Dior applies the GDPR benchmark globally, there are specific privacy laws in Canada, including the Quebec Act, and certain similar consumer privacy laws at the federal and provincial levels. To this effect, Dior complies with rights of consumers regarding the personal data that we collect and hold about them. Those rights vary by province.
For example, as a Client of Dior in Canada and a resident, you may have the right to:
1. Transparency . Upon request, Dior shall inform the individual of:
The personal information collected from the individual;
The categories of individuals who have access to the information within the organization;
How long the information will be retained;
The contact information for the Privacy Officer.
2. Access . With certain exceptions, individuals have the right to be informed of their personal information held by a company and, if necessary, to request that it be corrected. To access your personal information, you must send a written request to Dior’s Privacy Officer (See “CONTACT US”) or to the store that holds your personal information.
3. Correction and Erasure . When you are informed of the existence in a file or record of inaccurate, incomplete or equivocal information about you, or if its collection, communication or retention is not authorized by law, you may make a request for its correction or erasure.
4. Deindexation . Individuals can ask organizations to stop posting their personal information or to de-index any hyperlinks to their name that provide access to information if such posting causes harm to the individual or contravenes a law or court order (right to erasure or to be forgotten).
5. Portability . The right to portability allows an individual to obtain access to computerized personal information that has been provided to an organization, for example, when creating an account online, in a structured and commonly used technological format. An individual may request access to his or her personal information for his or her own use, including for the purpose of retaining the information in a private storage space or disclosing it to a third party of his or her choice. At the request of the individual, the information may also be disclosed to any person or organization authorized by law to collect it.
6. Assistance . Dior has delegated the internal management and oversight of its privacy program to its Privacy Officer. It is the Privacy Officer who approves and implements privacy policies and procedures, ensures their proper functioning and reports to Dior’s senior management on the effectiveness of the program.
The Privacy Officer is also responsible for providing you with the necessary support in the event of a privacy-related question, complaint or request. For more information, please consult the "Contact us" section.
Dior’s commitment to privacy includes practices that are designed to comply with the evolving laws and requirements pertaining to the collection and processing of children’s personal data in the United States, Canada, and other regions where we operate. We do not knowingly sell or share the information of children of any age. The Maison Christian Dior Couture Christian Dior Couture has adopted practices that are designed to ensure that we do not intentionally or knowingly collect or maintain any information from children under the age of 16, though we do not monitor the age of users of our services. If we learn that we mistakenly collected any information from anyone under the age of 16, we will purge it immediately from our records, except for responding to a question or inquiry on a one-time basis from his/her parent or legal guardian. If you are under the age of 16, you should not submit personal data on this website or any other website without the consent of your parent or guardian. If a parent or guardian of a child under 16 believes that the child has provided us with personal data, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us, see “Contact Us” section below. Parents and legal guardians who seek to exercise the privacy rights of their children may also be subject to authentication so as to prevent the release of any information pertaining to a minor to an unauthorized individual. The Maison Parfums Christian Dior Parfums Christian Dior does not knowingly collect, use, or disclose the personal data of children under 16. Should we become aware that we have inadvertently collected personal data from a child under 16 without verified parental consent, we will promptly take steps to erase that information, including notifying any partners with whom it may have been shared to do the same. Our practices for individuals under 18 include a variety of heightened protections consistent with the varied and evolving laws and requirements applicable to that age group. We also encourage parents or guardians to monitor their child’s online activities and assist in protecting their privacy.
Dior’s commitment to privacy includes practices that are designed to comply with the evolving laws and requirements pertaining to the collection and processing of children’s personal data in the United States, Canada, and other regions where we operate.
We do not knowingly sell or share the information of children of any age.
Christian Dior Couture has adopted practices that are designed to ensure that we do not intentionally or knowingly collect or maintain any information from children under the age of 16, though we do not monitor the age of users of our services. If we learn that we mistakenly collected any information from anyone under the age of 16, we will purge it immediately from our records, except for responding to a question or inquiry on a one-time basis from his/her parent or legal guardian. If you are under the age of 16, you should not submit personal data on this website or any other website without the consent of your parent or guardian. If a parent or guardian of a child under 16 believes that the child has provided us with personal data, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us, see “Contact Us” section below. Parents and legal guardians who seek to exercise the privacy rights of their children may also be subject to authentication so as to prevent the release of any information pertaining to a minor to an unauthorized individual.
Parfums Christian Dior does not knowingly collect, use, or disclose the personal data of children under 16. Should we become aware that we have inadvertently collected personal data from a child under 16 without verified parental consent, we will promptly take steps to erase that information, including notifying any partners with whom it may have been shared to do the same.
Our practices for individuals under 18 include a variety of heightened protections consistent with the varied and evolving laws and requirements applicable to that age group. We also encourage parents or guardians to monitor their child’s online activities and assist in protecting their privacy.
Dior reserves the right to change this Statement at any time at its sole discretion and will post the date it was last updated at the top of this Statement. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting them to Dior’s website or otherwise providing them to you. We will provide additional notice to you if we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights.
If you have any general questions or concerns about how we process and use your personal data or would like to exercise any of your privacy rights, you may contact us at the Maison below that processes your personal information. Please note that you should direct any inquiries you may have about your personal data directly to the Maison that may hold your personal information. Each Maison manages its own database and cannot provide information about the personal data that may be held by the other Maison. If you need to access the Statement in an alternative format due to a disability, please contact us as provided above. For residents from other countries: please see the contact details in the Privacy Statement of your country of residence. The Maison Christian Dior Couture For residents of the United States, Toll-free number: 1 800-929-3467 from Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm EST and Sunday from 11am to 7pm EST By email: contactdiorus@christiandior.com To opt-out of the sharing of your email address for the purpose of delivering targeted advertising of Dior products on third party platforms, please contact us by phone or email. To submit an access, correction or deletion request about your personal information, please complete our Privacy Request Webform available here . For residents of Canada, Toll-free number: 1 833-648-0778 from Monday to Saturday from 10am to 10pm EST and Sunday from 11am to 7pm EST By email: contactdiorca@christiandior.com To submit an access, correction or deletion request about your personal information, please complete our Privacy Request Webform available here . The Maison Parfums Christian Dior For residents of the United States, to submit an access, correction, or deletion request, contact us: Toll-free number: 1 877-794-3066 from Monday to Saturday from 9am to 9pm By email: customerservices@dior.com via our contact form available here to opt-out of the sharing of your email address for the purpose of delivering targeted advertising of Dior products on third party platforms, please contact us by phone or email. For residents of Canada, to submit an access, correction, or deletion request, contact us: Toll-free number: 1 877-794-3066 from Monday to Saturday from 9am to 9pm EST By email: contactdiorca@christiandior.com via our contact form available here .
If you have any general questions or concerns about how we process and use your personal data or would like to exercise any of your privacy rights, you may contact us at the Maison below that processes your personal information. Please note that you should direct any inquiries you may have about your personal data directly to the Maison that may hold your personal information. Each Maison manages its own database and cannot provide information about the personal data that may be held by the other Maison.
If you need to access the Statement in an alternative format due to a disability, please contact us as provided above.
For residents from other countries: please see the contact details in the Privacy Statement of your country of residence.
Toll-free number: 1 877-794-3066 from Monday to Saturday from 9am to 9pm
By email: customerservices@dior.com
via our contact form available here
What is the context of the processing? Christian Dior Couture belongs to the LVMH Group, which comprises many exceptional Maisons that offer high quality products and services in all sectors including Fashion & Leather Goods, Perfumes & Cosmetics, Watches & Jewelry, Wines & Spirits, Selective Retailing and Hospitality, Culture & leisure. The list of all LVMH Maisons is available at https://www.lvmh.com. If you are customer of our Maison, you may also be a customer of other LVMH Maisons. What is the purpose of the processing? We endeavor to improve your experience across the LVMH Maisons you consent to by proposing personalized offers and services and customized marketing communications that correspond to your interests across LVMH Maisons. This relies on knowing your preferences and interests. We will be able to enrich your Dior profile with this information. How is the processing conducted? If you consent we will share the purchases you have made with us during the last 3 years with LVMH, our parent company, in a pseudonymous way (which means that your name and your contact details will not be sent to LVMH). Your purchases will be analyzed and matched with purchases made from other Maisons of the LVMH Group where you have given a similar consent. Each Maison that has your consent will receive back from LVMH generalized information concerning your purchasing habits and preferences with other Maisons, and Dior may reach out to you to offer Dior products based on this information. Should you wish further information on how we process or share your personal data, please visit the dedicated sections of the general Dior Privacy Statement: “FOR WHAT PURPOSES is your data used by Dior?” and “WHO can access your data?” Who is the Data Controller? Christian Dior Couture will remain the sole data controller which means that it is the company that is responsible for the information that you provide to it. LVMH acts as our data processor, or service provider, and will not use your data for any purpose other than the one described above. For example, LVMH will not use your data for its own purposes, will not contact you for marketing purposes based on the data we provide, and will not share information about you with Maisons of the LVMH Group to which you are not a customer and/or to whom you have not given consent.
What is the context of the processing?
Christian Dior Couture belongs to the LVMH Group, which comprises many exceptional Maisons that offer high quality products and services in all sectors including Fashion & Leather Goods, Perfumes & Cosmetics, Watches & Jewelry, Wines & Spirits, Selective Retailing and Hospitality, Culture & leisure. The list of all LVMH Maisons is available at https://www.lvmh.com. If you are customer of our Maison, you may also be a customer of other LVMH Maisons.
What is the purpose of the processing? We endeavor to improve your experience across the LVMH Maisons you consent to by proposing personalized offers and services and customized marketing communications that correspond to your interests across LVMH Maisons. This relies on knowing your preferences and interests. We will be able to enrich your Dior profile with this information.
How is the processing conducted? If you consent we will share the purchases you have made with us during the last 3 years with LVMH, our parent company, in a pseudonymous way (which means that your name and your contact details will not be sent to LVMH). Your purchases will be analyzed and matched with purchases made from other Maisons of the LVMH Group where you have given a similar consent. Each Maison that has your consent will receive back from LVMH generalized information concerning your purchasing habits and preferences with other Maisons, and Dior may reach out to you to offer Dior products based on this information. Should you wish further information on how we process or share your personal data, please visit the dedicated sections of the general Dior Privacy Statement: “FOR WHAT PURPOSES is your data used by Dior?” and “WHO can access your data?”
Who is the Data Controller? Christian Dior Couture will remain the sole data controller which means that it is the company that is responsible for the information that you provide to it. LVMH acts as our data processor, or service provider, and will not use your data for any purpose other than the one described above. For example, LVMH will not use your data for its own purposes, will not contact you for marketing purposes based on the data we provide, and will not share information about you with Maisons of the LVMH Group to which you are not a customer and/or to whom you have not given consent.
Last Updated: March 2025 The Company has implemented this California Candidate Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA/CPRA”). For the purpose of this notice, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident. This Notice covers: 1. Why we collect your personal information 2. Use of Personal Information 3. Our Personal Information retention criteria 4. How we collect your personal information 5. How we disclose your personal information 6. Disclosure for Business Purposes 7. Privacy Rights 8. Required disclosures 9. Agents 10. Amendment 11. Contact Information 1. Why we collect your personal information This Notice applies solely to California residents whose personal information is collected by the Company in the following situations: In connection with a job application. In connection with being a candidate for employment of the Company (a “Candidate”), to the extent that the personal information is collected and used by the Company within the context of such role or former role as a Candidate of the Company. We refer to such California residents as “you” or “your” throughout this Notice. We note that CCPA/CPRA and other privacy regulations are still in development and may change in the future. Therefore, we may choose or be required to update this Notice. Any terms defined in the CCPA/CPRA have the same meaning when used in this Notice. The chart below provides the categories and related examples of personal information we may collect. Below the chart, we have outlined the criteria we use to determine how long such personal information will be retained. Category of personal information Examples Contact information Name (legal and preferred), maiden name. mailing address, unique candidate personal identifier, IP address, email address, phone number, signature, physical characteristics and/or description. Government identification numbers Social Security number, driver’s license or state identification number, passport number, military identification number, tribal identification number and/or immigration status. Financial information Receipts of authorized expenses relating to interviews with us and account information for reimbursement of expenses authorized by us. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Race, color, religion, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sex, gender (including gender identity and expression), pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, familial status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status under applicable federal, state or local laws. Health or medical information Information relating to disability accommodation or religious accommodation needs provided by you during the interviewing process. Sensory or surveillance data Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, call monitoring and/or video surveillance. Professional information Current or past job history, title, employers, recruitment information, and copies of right-to-work documentation (e.g., citizenship, work permits, or visa information), professional certification and/or licenses. Education information Institutions attended, transcripts and/or degrees awarded. Inferences drawn from other personal information A profile relating to a candidate’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, abilities and/or aptitude. Social media information Public social media posts and/or statements. 2. Uses of Personal Information The Company collects Personal Information in the employment context to use as appropriate for the following purposes: To support our organizational and operational functions in human resources, including Candidate onboarding. To provide services to you as a Candidate. To properly administer our workforce and our job application process. To evaluate your candidacy as an applicant. To fulfill purposes that are required by law (e.g., for identity verification, I-9 forms, etc.). To fulfill our legal obligations, respond to law enforcement requests and as required or permitted by applicable law, court order, subpoena, or governmental regulations, or as necessary to establish or defend legal claims or allegations. To seek advice from our lawyers, auditors, or other professional advisers. To safeguard our information technology infrastructure, detect security incidents and take other actions as required or permitted by applicable law to protect and defend the Company, our affiliates and subsidiaries, our employees and our Candidates, including in connection with legal proceedings. To protect the safety and of our Candidates. To manage purposes that are directed by you. To contact you regarding your application or our relationship with you. As otherwise described to you when we collect, use or disclose your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA/CPRA. 3. Our personal information retention criteria: CCPA/CPRA requires that we disclose the criteria we use to determine how long we will retain each category of personal information in the chart above. Oftentimes, our records contain several of these categories of personal information combined together and therefore we consider, on a case-by-case basis, a number of factors to assess how long personal information is retained. These factors include what personal information is reasonably necessary to (i) provide our services or administer our relationship with you; (ii) protect our business, employees, organization and others; (iii) fulfill our legal and regulatory obligations; and (iv) investigate and address issues which may include safety concerns, potential security incidents or policy violations. 4. How we collect your personal information. The Company obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources listed below. Directly from you. For example, we collect the personal information you provide to us in connection with your job application. From our service providers. For example, we will collect your personal information from the service provider that provides background checks for us. From employees. For example, if an employee provides your personal information in connection with a position referral. From third parties. For example, a recruiting agency may provide your personal information to us in connection with our search for a Candidate. 5. How we disclose your personal information. In connection with the Company’s collection and use of your personal information as described above, the Company may disclose your personal information in the manner listed below. With our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates, some of which may be outside of the United States. With our service providers. With our auditors, actuaries, accountants, attorneys, governments or other third parties, as required or permitted by applicable law. With third parties for security purposes. To issue access to you to our Company premises. As directed or authorized by you. To comply with the law or to protect our organization. This includes responding to court orders or subpoenas or defending the Company in a lawsuit. This may also include sharing your personal information if a government agency or investigatory body requests this data. We may share also your personal information when we are investigating a security incident, allegation, or a potential fraud or violation of law. With any successors to all or part of our company. For example, if we merge with, acquire or are acquired, or sell part of our company to another entity. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control. As otherwise described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in or permitted by the CCPA/CPRA. 6. Disclosures for Business Purposes. In the past twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to our service providers for “business purposes,” as defined in CCPA/CPRA; contact Information, government identification numbers, financial information, protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, commercial information, health or medical information, biometric information, internet or other similar network activity, geolocation data, sensory or surveillance data, professional information, education information, inferences drawn from other personal information and social media information. We have not disclosed Candidate personal information for “business purposes” to third parties (e.g., non-service providers) in the past twelve (12) months. 7. Privacy Rights. Subject to certain exclusions included in CCPA/CPRA, to the extent not inconsistent with other applicable laws and as relevant to our operations, you have the rights listed below with respect to the personal information that we maintain about you. We may take steps to verify your identity, as permitted or required under CCPA/CPRA, before we process your request. Verification may include asking you to provide information about yourself that we can match against information already in our possession. All information requests will be processed within forty-five (45) days of receipt of request, unless we notify you of an extension. If your request is denied in whole or in part, we will inform you of the reasons for the denial. Notice, Access. This means that you can request that we disclose what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about the consumer. Deletion. This means that you can request that we delete personal information about you which we have collected from you. Note that we are not required under the law to honor all such deletion requests, and may, for example, refuse requests to delete as necessary to comply with applicable laws, or if deleting the data would prevent us from exercising or defending legal claims. Correction. This means that you can request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. Right to Non-Discrimination. This means that we are prohibited from discriminating against you if you exercise your rights under CCPA/CPRA. 8. Required Disclosures. We are required under CCPA/CPRA to make the disclosures in this section. In addition to the rights outlined above, CCPA/CPRA also gives you the right to opt-out of the “sharing” or “sale” of your personal information. These rights are not relevant to our collection, use and disclosure of Candidate personal information, as we do not “share” or “sell” Candidate personal information, including the personal information of any individuals under the age of sixteen. Please note that CCPA/CPRA contains specific definitions for “sharing” personal information and “selling” personal information. “Share” or “sharing” means, in short, sharing personal information for cross-contextual advertising purposes. “Sale” or “selling” is defined very broadly and includes the disclosure of personal information for monetary or valuable consideration. In addition, we do not collect, use or disclose Sensitive personal information except for those purposes described under §7027 of the CCPA/CPRA regulations or at the direction of a Candidate. 9. Agents. Agents that you have authorized to act on your behalf may also submit CCPA/CPRA requests as instructed above. The agent must also provide evidence that they have your written permission to submit a request on your behalf. If we are unable to verify the authenticity of a request, we may ask you for more information or may deny the request. 10. Amendment. The Company reserves the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will update the Notice's effective date and make available the updated Notice as required by law. 11. Contact Information. California residents who wish to exercise their rights under this Notice or have other questions or comments about this Notice, can contact us at: Name: HR Team Email: houseoftalents@christiandior.com Please include your legal name and email address, and indicate you are a California resident making a “CCPA/CPRA” request.
Last Updated: March 2025
The Company has implemented this California Candidate Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA/CPRA”). For the purpose of this notice, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident.
This Notice covers:
1. Why we collect your personal information
2. Use of Personal Information
3. Our Personal Information retention criteria
4. How we collect your personal information
5. How we disclose your personal information
6. Disclosure for Business Purposes
7. Privacy Rights
8. Required disclosures
9. Agents
10. Amendment
11. Contact Information
This Notice applies solely to California residents whose personal information is collected by the Company in the following situations:
In connection with a job application.
We refer to such California residents as “you” or “your” throughout this Notice.
We note that CCPA/CPRA and other privacy regulations are still in development and may change in the future. Therefore, we may choose or be required to update this Notice. Any terms defined in the CCPA/CPRA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
The chart below provides the categories and related examples of personal information we may collect. Below the chart, we have outlined the criteria we use to determine how long such personal information will be retained.
Receipts of authorized expenses relating to interviews with us and account information for reimbursement of expenses authorized by us.
2. Uses of Personal Information
The Company collects Personal Information in the employment context to use as appropriate for the following purposes:
To fulfill our legal obligations, respond to law enforcement requests and as required or permitted by applicable law, court order, subpoena, or governmental regulations, or as necessary to establish or defend legal claims or allegations.
To seek advice from our lawyers, auditors, or other professional advisers.
To safeguard our information technology infrastructure, detect security incidents and take other actions as required or permitted by applicable law to protect and defend the Company, our affiliates and subsidiaries, our employees and our Candidates, including in connection with legal proceedings.
To protect the safety and of our Candidates.
To manage purposes that are directed by you.
To contact you regarding your application or our relationship with you.
As otherwise described to you when we collect, use or disclose your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA/CPRA.
3. Our personal information retention criteria: CCPA/CPRA requires that we disclose the criteria we use to determine how long we will retain each category of personal information in the chart above. Oftentimes, our records contain several of these categories of personal information combined together and therefore we consider, on a case-by-case basis, a number of factors to assess how long personal information is retained. These factors include what personal information is reasonably necessary to (i) provide our services or administer our relationship with you; (ii) protect our business, employees, organization and others; (iii) fulfill our legal and regulatory obligations; and (iv) investigate and address issues which may include safety concerns, potential security incidents or policy violations.
4. How we collect your personal information. The Company obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources listed below.
Directly from you. For example, we collect the personal information you provide to us in connection with your job application.
From our service providers. For example, we will collect your personal information from the service provider that provides background checks for us.
From employees. For example, if an employee provides your personal information in connection with a position referral.
From third parties. For example, a recruiting agency may provide your personal information to us in connection with our search for a Candidate.
5. How we disclose your personal information. In connection with the Company’s collection and use of your personal information as described above, the Company may disclose your personal information in the manner listed below.
With our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates, some of which may be outside of the United States.
With our service providers.
With our auditors, actuaries, accountants, attorneys, governments or other third parties, as required or permitted by applicable law.
With third parties for security purposes.
To issue access to you to our Company premises.
As directed or authorized by you.
To comply with the law or to protect our organization. This includes responding to court orders or subpoenas or defending the Company in a lawsuit. This may also include sharing your personal information if a government agency or investigatory body requests this data. We may share also your personal information when we are investigating a security incident, allegation, or a potential fraud or violation of law.
With any successors to all or part of our company. For example, if we merge with, acquire or are acquired, or sell part of our company to another entity. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control.
As otherwise described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in or permitted by the CCPA/CPRA.
6. Disclosures for Business Purposes. In the past twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to our service providers for “business purposes,” as defined in CCPA/CPRA; contact Information, government identification numbers, financial information, protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, commercial information, health or medical information, biometric information, internet or other similar network activity, geolocation data, sensory or surveillance data, professional information, education information, inferences drawn from other personal information and social media information. We have not disclosed Candidate personal information for “business purposes” to third parties (e.g., non-service providers) in the past twelve (12) months.
7. Privacy Rights. Subject to certain exclusions included in CCPA/CPRA, to the extent not inconsistent with other applicable laws and as relevant to our operations, you have the rights listed below with respect to the personal information that we maintain about you. We may take steps to verify your identity, as permitted or required under CCPA/CPRA, before we process your request. Verification may include asking you to provide information about yourself that we can match against information already in our possession. All information requests will be processed within forty-five (45) days of receipt of request, unless we notify you of an extension. If your request is denied in whole or in part, we will inform you of the reasons for the denial.
Notice, Access. This means that you can request that we disclose what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about the consumer.
Deletion. This means that you can request that we delete personal information about you which we have collected from you. Note that we are not required under the law to honor all such deletion requests, and may, for example, refuse requests to delete as necessary to comply with applicable laws, or if deleting the data would prevent us from exercising or defending legal claims.
Correction. This means that you can request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Non-Discrimination. This means that we are prohibited from discriminating against you if you exercise your rights under CCPA/CPRA.
8. Required Disclosures. We are required under CCPA/CPRA to make the disclosures in this section. In addition to the rights outlined above, CCPA/CPRA also gives you the right to opt-out of the “sharing” or “sale” of your personal information. These rights are not relevant to our collection, use and disclosure of Candidate personal information, as we do not “share” or “sell” Candidate personal information, including the personal information of any individuals under the age of sixteen. Please note that CCPA/CPRA contains specific definitions for “sharing” personal information and “selling” personal information. “Share” or “sharing” means, in short, sharing personal information for cross-contextual advertising purposes. “Sale” or “selling” is defined very broadly and includes the disclosure of personal information for monetary or valuable consideration. In addition, we do not collect, use or disclose Sensitive personal information except for those purposes described under §7027 of the CCPA/CPRA regulations or at the direction of a Candidate.
9. Agents. Agents that you have authorized to act on your behalf may also submit CCPA/CPRA requests as instructed above. The agent must also provide evidence that they have your written permission to submit a request on your behalf. If we are unable to verify the authenticity of a request, we may ask you for more information or may deny the request.
10. Amendment. The Company reserves the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will update the Notice's effective date and make available the updated Notice as required by law.
11. Contact Information. California residents who wish to exercise their rights under this Notice or have other questions or comments about this Notice, can contact us at:
Name: HR Team
Email: houseoftalents@christiandior.com
Please include your legal name and email address, and indicate you are a California resident making a “CCPA/CPRA” request.
Women's Fragrances
Discover all of the Dior women's fragrances. From J'adore, the iconic women's fragrance by the House since 1999, to Miss Dior, the fragrance intimately tied to Dior couture: you will find a scent to suit your personality with one of the eau de toilette, eau de parfum or parfum creations. Enrich your Dior experience with the scented bath and body creations imbued with the notes of your fragrance.
In 1947, Miss Dior was born from a wild impulse - a passionate desire to re-enchant women's lives and let them experience love's vibrant colors. Rose de Grasse, Lily of the Valley, and Jasmine blend harmoniously to form unforgettable floral bouquets
Dune
Dolce Vita
