Trending searches
global.browsertoolscheck.javascript
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Purchase
How do I place an order online or by phone?
Need help, information, or want to place an order by phone?
Our team is available to respond to your questions in English, French, Italian or German, Monday to Friday from 10am to 7pm (Paris time). Contact us by calling +800 00 00 19 52 or via e-mail directly at contact@givenchy.com . We can assist you with your browsing experience and purchases.
How to give a Givenchy gift?
All our products are delivered in GIVENCHY wrapping. Upon confirmation of your order, you will have the option to request gift wrapping; this service is offered free of charge.
Personalized message
We offer the option to include a personalized message when sending a gift order.
Please note that GIVENCHY reserves the right to withhold or refuse the acceptance of a product order accompanied by messages containing statements contrary to the law or morality.
Receipt and Price
The receipt (in PDF format) of your order on Givenchy.com will be sent electronically to your email address. This receipt, which we advise you to print and keep, will also be available by logging in to your Customer Account.
The price will be removed from the label of the products you ordered and the receipt will not be attached to your order at the time of shipment. You may receive a paper version of your receipt upon request from Customer Service. This request, accompanied by your proof of identity, must be sent within 12 months from the issue of the receipt received by email.
To contact our Customer Service, please consult Contact .
How do I proceed to payment?
How secure are online payments?
Availability of in-store items
The Givenchy.com website allows you to check the availability of our items in a selection of stores.
By browsing through our product categories, you will have the option of using the “Search by Store” option.
Select the store of your choice and discover the selection available at this location. By selecting a store that is not in the country of your location, you will be redirected to the Homepage of the relevant country. You will then be able to renew your search within the desired product category.
When you are on an item page, you also have the option of checking the availability of the item by clicking on the “Find in Store” button. You must first select the color and size of your item.
Please note that our store inventory changes frequently. The availability of an item therefore cannot be guaranteed. Please contact the store to ensure that this item is still available.
The Givenchy.com website provides the option of making an appointment directly by email or phone to discover or try on the consulted item. Any request for an appointment made on the website will be confirmed by the store, either by return email or by telephone. Similarly, no product reservation can be made without prior confirmation from the store. On the other hand, we encourage you to add to your wish list the products you would like to try in order to facilitate the preparation of your in-store appointment with our consultant.
Shipping and Orders
Where can I have my order delivered?
What are the types of delivery (charges and delivery times)?
Delivery from Monday through Friday by 6:00 pm for any order placed online or by phone. This service is not available on holidays. The expected delivery time is 3 business days after placing the order. This delivery service is offered free of charge by GIVENCHY.
Delivery from Monday through Friday by 12:00 am for any order placed online or by phone. This service is not available on holidays. The expected delivery time is 3 business days after placing the order. Shipping fees: 10€.
How do I track my order?
Givenchy will inform you by email of the progress of your order. You can also track the progress of your order in My Order section of your online Customer Account at Givenchy.com or by contacting our Customer Service .
How do I return a Givenchy product purchased online?
You have the option to return, free of charge, any product ordered within 14 days of its date of receipt.
The product must be returned in perfect condition, unworn, in its entirety (boxes, accessories, covers, labels, booklets, etc.) and in its original packaging, accompanied by a copy of the receipt. We recommend you take all necessary precautions to ensure its protection. Any damaged, used, incomplete or soiled product will not be eligible for a refund.
GIVENCHY does not offer exchanges.
Please follow the returns procedures below in order to return your products to us free of charge.
Return and Refund
Account
What are the benefits of creating an account?
Creating a Givenchy.com account allows you to be quickly identified during your visit to the website.
You can also:
For your safety, Givenchy.com does not store your credit card information and will not share your personal information with any third party.
After Sales
Warranty
Each Givenchy product is covered by legal warranties, starting from its purchase date.
Only authentic Givenchy products purchased on our Givenchy.com website, in one of our boutiques, or from an authorized Givenchy retailer, with an original invoice, will be eligible for this warranty.
Outside of this warranty and/or if your product shows signs of inappropriate use, Givenchy will do its best to offer you maintenance services at your expense.
How to find care information or create a care request​?
If you have questions about care or need to submit a request, please consult our dedicated page
Anti-Counterfeit
BEWARE OF COUNTERFEIT GIVENCHY PRODUCTS
As a leading luxury brand, Givenchy faces the issue of counterfeiting every day.
When a customer purchases a Givenchy product, they expect excellence in its craftmanship and quality that lasts. Conversely, counterfeit replicas are most often made with inferior materials, with a demonstrable lack of know-how and artisanship, resulting in a product that does not stand the test of time.
Counterfeit products infringe on our designers’ creativity and misappropriate the expertise of our craftspeople. The sole guarantee of quality and product durability lies in purchasing genuine Givenchy products.
At Givenchy, we take the issue of counterfeiting extremely seriously. We constantly monitor and report purveyors of counterfeit products wherever they are found, online and off.
Authentic Givenchy products are sold exclusively in Givenchy stores, through our official website www.givenchy.com, and via a selective network of approved retailers.
Our team is available Monday to Friday from 10am to 7pm (Paris time) to answer your questions in French, Italian, German or English.
Send message
All fields marked with an * are mandatory
contact us
Customer services
Legal
About
Newsletter
New
Peacoat in wool
T-shirt in cotton with GIVENCHY Shadow print
White Couture Seam jeans
Medium Belted Hobo bag in grained leather
Bomber in leather and satin with GIVENCHY Paris embroidery
Shirt in silk twill with GIVENCHY shadow print
Straight leg tailored trousers in wool mohair
Label derbies in leather
Washed straight leg jeans
Bermuda shorts in silk twill with GIVENCHY shadow print
Derbies in leather
Sweatshirt in fleece with GIVENCHY patch
T-shirt in cotton with GIVENCHY patch
GIVENCHY Shadow square in silk
Tailored coat in wool cashmere
Sweater in cotton knit with GIVENCHY Paris embroidery
Couture Seam Cocoon shirt in cotton
GIVENCHY Shadow tie in silk
Sweatshirts
Hoodie in scuba with GIVENCHY embroidery
Hoodie in fleece with GIVENCHY patch
Zipped hoodie in scuba
Zipped hoodie in fleece with GIVENCHY Stamp print
Loafers & Ballerinas
Tux loafers in patent leather
Tux loafers in mirror effect leather
Label flat mules in patent leather
Label flat mules in mirror effect leather
Label loafers in leather and canvas
Label loafers in leather
Label flat mules in pony effect leather with leopard pattern
Label loafers in pony effect leather with leopard pattern
Tux loafers in tortoise shell patent leather
4G Liquid ballerina in nappa leather
Tailoring
Double breasted tuxedo jacket in wool
Double pleat pants in wool
Small Antigona East-West bag in Box leather
Single breasted jacket in wool
Mini Antigona East-West bag in Box leather
Raw Cocoon jeans
Sculpted pumps in patent leather
Chain earrings in metal
Cropped tuxedo jacket in wool
Tuxedo cigarette pants in wool
Slim sneakers in mesh and suede
Cocoon shirt in poplin with GIVENCHY embroidery
Midi kick back skirt in nappa leather
Sculpted heeled mules in patent leather
Tie in silk
Denim
Couture Seam overshirt in washed denim
Couture Seam washed jeans
Couture Seam overshirt in white denim
Straight leg jeans
Sraight leg jeans
Jackets & Coats
Double breasted fitted jacket in striped wool
Double breasted jacket in flannel
Doubled breasted jacket in wool twill
Single breasted jacket in flannel
Fitted tuxedo jacket in wool mohair
Deconstructed single breasted jacket in cotton mix
Deconstructed single breasted jacket in flannel
Single breasted fitted jacket in wool
Trench in cotton with leather details
Coat in wool cashmere
Belts
Long belt in grained leather
Gentleman belt in 4G leather
Pleated cummerband in silk
T-Shirts
Cropped fit t-shirt in cotton with GIVENCHY Stamp print
T-shirt in cotton with GIVENCHY Stamp print
Cropped tank top in cotton with GIVENCHY band
Slim fit tank top in cotton with GIVENCHY Stamp print
GIVENCHY Paris boxy fit t-shirt in cotton
Jewelry
Maple Seed earcuffs set in metal
Maple Seed double fingers ring in metal
Cocoon earrings in metal
Maple Seed earrings in metal
Chain necklace in metal
Chain bracelet in metal
Chain earrings in metal and resin
Stitch clip earrings in metal with crystals
4G earrings in metal with crystals
4G earrings in metal with pearls
Pearl earrings in metal with crystals
Search results for "Antigona East West"
Mini Antigona East-West bag in leopard pony effect leather
Mini Antigona East-West bag in laminated leather
Small Antigona East-West bag in laminated leather
Bomber with zipped shawl collar in nylon
Bustier cape back top in lace
GIVENCHY Paris 1952 pochette in satin
Cinched biker jacket in leather
Cropped shirt in poplin with crystals
Sculpted ankle boots in nappa leather
Shirt in washed denim with crystals
Washed Cocoon jeans
Bomber with zipped shawl collar in nappa leather
Cocoon shirt in raw denim with GIVENCHY embroidery
Mini Voyou bag in shiny leather
Double breasted jacket in wool
Cocoon tailored pants in wool
GIVENCHY Tape pochette in leather
Square sunglasses in acetate
Boots & Loafers
Lace up boots in leather
SARAH BURTON APPOINTED CREATIVE DIRECTOR OF GIVENCHY
Givenchy announces the appointment of Sarah Burton as Creative Director, with immediate effect. Sarah will be responsible for the creative direction of all of the Maison’s Women's and Men's collections.
Sarah BURTON said:
“It is a great honour to be joining the beautiful house of Givenchy, it is a jewel. I am so excited to be able to write the next chapter in the story of this iconic house and to bring to Givenchy my own vision, sensibility and beliefs.”
Sidney TOLEDANO, Chairman of the Givenchy board, said:
“Sarah Burton is an exceptional creative talent whose work I have passionately followed for many years; I am very glad that she is joining Givenchy today.
Her unique vision and approach to fashion will be invaluable to this iconic Maison, known for its audacity and haute couture. I am convinced that her creative leadership will contribute to the future success and international standing of the Maison.”
Alessandro VALENTI, CEO of GIVENCHY added:
"The arrival of Sarah Burton as head of our creative design is a very exciting moment for Givenchy.
Her remarkable career path and creative vision have already won her a vast fan base, and we are certain that under her direction, Givenchy will continue to innovate and captivate an extensive audience across the world stage. I eagerly anticipate the new creative energy Sarah will bring as she works alongside our outstanding teams in our exceptional workshops, and we embark on this new chapter in the history of Givenchy.”
Sarah Burton will present her first collection in March 2025.
Biography of Sarah Burton:
Sarah Burton was born in Macclesfield and educated in Manchester, before studying Fashion at Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in London, graduating in 1997.
In 1996, Burton joined Alexander McQueen and became Head of Design in 2000 under Lee Alexander McQueen. In May 2010, Burton was appointed Creative Director.
In 2011, Burton was announced as the designer of HRH The Princess of Wales’s dress for her wedding to HRH the Prince of Wales, and in 2012, was awarded an Order of the British Empire (OBE) for her services to the British Fashion industry.
During her 13 year tenure as Creative Director, Burton produced women’s and men’s collections to great critical acclaim, as well as establishing an extensive education programme supporting young creatives. Burton left Alexander McQueen in October 2023.
COOKIES POLICY
Managing cookies
This section is about Our policy on managing cookies on givenchy.com. It is intended to inform You of the source and use of the browsing information processed when You visit Our website, and Your rights.
When visiting Our website, We may – if You so choose – save a text file on Your terminal (computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) through Your browser. For the entire period that it is valid or saved, this text file, or cookie, enables GIVENCHY to identify Your terminal on Your subsequent visits. Only the issuer of a cookie can read or modify the information in this file. Below is information about cookies that may be saved on Your terminal when You visit pages on the website givenchy.com, either by GIVENCHY or by third parties, as well as how to delete or block these cookies from saving on your terminal.
There are many different types of cookies. Some are issued by GIVENCHY or its service providers directly, and others may be issued by other companies. - Cookies issued by GIVENCHY and its service providers When You browse Our website, a variety of cookies may be saved on Your terminal: NECESSARY cookies (session cookies) that are needed to browse Our website, mainly to properly complete the ordering process. Deleting these cookies may make it difficult to browse Our website and impossible to place an order. These cookies may be installed on Your terminal by GIVENCHY or its service providers. ANALYTIC AND PERSONALIZATION cookies (persistent cookies) that are not required for browsing, but might enable features like assisting Your searches and optimizing Your buying experience. ADVERTISING cookies (third-party cookies) that are not required for browsing, but allow You to see ads more relevant to you. If Your terminal is used by several people and it has several browser software programs installed, We cannot ensure that the services and advertising designed for Your terminal will pertain to Your own use rather than that of another user. If this is the case, sharing Your terminal and your browser's cookie configuration settings with other people becomes Your own choice and Your responsibility.
- Cookies issued by other companies Cookies that third parties issue and use on Our website are governed by the personal data protection policies of those third parties. These cookies are not required to browse Our website. We may include third-party digital applications on Our website that enable You to share Our website content with other people or allow Us to share Your session details or opinions about content on Our website with these other people. This applies to the "Share" and "Like" buttons which originate from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, etc. The social network providing these buttons may identify You using this button, even if You have not used the button while visiting Our Website. We have no control over the process that social networks use to collect information about Your browsing on Our website and linked to the personal data they possess. We recommend reading the privacy policies for those social networks.
The decision to save a Cookie on a terminal is yours alone. You can personalize your browser settings to either accept and save cookies on Your terminal or to deny them. Each browser has different configuration settings. They are usually explained in your browser's help menu. We recommend that You familiarize yourself with them. It will help You know how to modify Your cookie preferences.
Please note: Any of the settings You change to accept or deny cookies on Your browser program may affect Your online browsing experience and the terms of Your access to certain services requiring the use of those cookies. For example, denying some necessary cookies may result in You not being able to place an order on Our website.
26/01/2022
COOKIE LIST A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
ANALYTICAL AND PERSONALISATION COOKIES These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
TARGETING COOKIES These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
SOCIAL MEDIA COOKIES These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Pants & Shorts
Cocoon utility pants in cotton and wool
Double pleat shorts in poplin
Mini shorts in white denim
Mini shorts in washed denim
Double pleat shorts in wool
Bootcut tailored pants in wool
White Cocoon jeans
All-in-one in washed denim
Double pleat pants in wool with Hair print
Tailored cigarette pants in wool
Antigona
Medium
Small
Mini
Micro, Nano & Toy
Mini Antigona bag in Box leather
Medium Antigona bag in Box leather
Mini Antigona bag in grained leather
Discover Givenchy's Fall 2025 collection of women's bags featuring crossbody bags crafted with calfskin leather and detail finishings, embodying a blend of couture heritage and modern versatility.
Sneakers
Slim sneakers in nylon and suede
Slim sneakers in perforated leather and suede
Urban Street sneakers in leather and suede with elastic
Urban Street sneakers in leather with elastic band
Trainers sneakers in padded nylon and leather
G Move sneakers in mixed leathers
Spectre sneakers in synthetic leather
Spectre sneakers in synthetic fiber
G Set sneakers in leather and perforated suede
Sandals
Slide flat sandals in rubber
Bombers & Blousons
Couture Seam bomber in satin with GIVENCHY Paris embroidery
Couture Seam bomber in cotton
Harrington in cotton with leather details
Aviator jacket in leather
Cocoon bomber in wool
Parka in cotton with GIVENCHY stamp print
Windbreaker in polyfaille with GIVENCHY Stamp embroidery
Sweatshirt in satin with GIVENCHY Paris embroidery
Couture Seam overshirt in leather
Couture Seam jacket in polyfaille with GIVENCHY embroidery
Sunglasses
GV One sunglasses in metal
GV Speed unisex sunglasses in metal and enamel
GV Day unisex sunglasses in acetate
4G unisex sunglasses in acetate
G Ride unisex sunglasses in metal and enamel
GV Speed unisex sunglasses in metal
Long belt in gros grain
Voyou large belt in shiny leather
Voyou belt in shiny leather
Voyou long belt in shiny leather
Shoes
All Shoes
Label flat mules in leather
Label loafers in shiny leather
Contact
Find a store
To find full store contact and address details, use our Store Finder .
Haute Couture Enquiries
3, Avenue George V
75008, Paris France
Phone : +33 1 44 31 50 00
Mail : hautecouture@givenchy.com
Givenchy offices
598, Madison Avenue,
NY 10022, United States
10/F, Dorset House, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong S.A.R., China
15 floor, 24, Cheonggyecheon-ro,
Jung-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea
Room 3006, Tower One, Plaza 66,
No. 1266 Nanjing Road West, 200040, China
One Omotesando 4F, 3-5-29 Kita-Aoyama,
Minato-Ku, Tokyo 107-0061
Givenchy Atelier, Via Sant'Andrea 11,
20121 Milano, Italy
2nd floor, Bldg. 10,
Dubai Design District, Dubai, UAE
Press Enquiries
Givenchy Presse 2, Avenue Montaigne - 75008 Paris
Karla Otto Via Dell'Annunciata, 2 - 20121 Milan
Karla Otto Ltd. 30 Sackville St. - London W1S 3DY
KCD 475 Tenth Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10018
ONE Omotesando 4F, 3-5-29 Kita-Aoyama, Minato-Ku, Tokyo 107-0061
Room 3006, Tower One, Plaza 66 No. 1266 Nanjing Road West - Shangai 200040
Email givenchy.press.cn@givenchy.com
The Qode Dubai Design district D3, Unit 505A, Building 7, P.O. Box 391995, Dubai
Gifts for Him
GIVENCHY tie in silk
Polka dots tie in silk
T-shirt in cotton knit
Polo in cotton with GIVENCHY patch
Fall 2025
Straight leg tailored trousers in flannel
Shirt in cotton oxford with GIVENCHY Paris embroidery
Shirt in cotton poplin with GIVENCHY Stamp embroidery
Tailored double pleat trousers in wool twill
Relaxed fit trousers in flannel
Sweaters
Short sleeve sweater in cashmere
Sweater in cashmere
Skirts
Midi kick back skirt in crepe cady
Midi skirt in washed denim
Ruffled mini skirt in washed denim
Ruffled mini skirt in wool
Mini skirt in wool
“To go forward, you have to go back to the beginning. To me, that’s about the atelier. It’s the heart and soul of Givenchy.”
Sarah Burton
A cache of Hubert de Givenchy patterns was recently discovered walled up in a hidden cupboard at his first maison at 8 Avenue Alfred de Vigny while it was being renovated. The brown paper packets proved to contain calico patterns from his 1952 debut collection, which he showed to audience packed into his atelier.
For Sarah Burton, it triggered a tangible connection with her own way of working: on the stockman, in fittings, between the studio and the atelier. Purposefully close-up, her first collection as Artistic Director walked intentionally, with zero distractions, through the house at 3, Avenue Georges V, the historic address of Givenchy since 1955.
“It’s my natural instinct to go back to pattern-cutting, to craftsmanship. To cut, shape and proportion. It’s what I feel, how I work, and want to do.”
Starting from the body up – from the imagery of the studio stockman, stamped GIVENCHY 1952- the rhythm of her collection evolves around tailoring, merging and counterpointing masculine techniques with feminine shape. Through salons stripped-back to their original beauty, a sense of powerful femininity is constructed, re-cut, played with, and enjoyed from all angles from a woman’s point of view.
Look 1
Look 2
Look 3
Look 4
Look 5
Look 6
Look 7
Look 8
Look 9
Look 10
Look 11
Look 12
Look 13
Look 14
Look 15
Look 16
Look 17
Look 18
Look 19
Look 20
Look 21
Look 22
Look 23
Look 24
Look 25
Look 26
Look 27
Look 28
Look 29
Look 30
Look 31
Look 32
Look 33
Look 34
Look 35
Look 36
Look 37
Look 38
Look 39
Look 40
Look 41
Look 42
Look 43
Look 44
Look 45
Look 46
Look 47
Look 48
Look 49
Look 50
Look 51
Look 52
THE FALL WINTER 2025 WOMENSWEAR SHOW BY SARAH BURTON
“I want to address everything about modern women. Strength, vulnerability, emotional intelligence, feeling powerful or very sexy. All of it.”
Symbolism and atmosphere flows through the precision of modern couture-cut silhouettes. Strong shoulders and an hourglass waist, the definitive line of jackets and coats and two types of trousers walk in counterpoint with the free experimentation of shapes that happened in the studio. Bolts of fabric are spontaneously poured as backless dresses or tied as a skirt. An incendiary female-gaze sexuality charges covered-up fronts with bared backs and rivets the eye to the kick in the back of a black leather pencil skirt.
Echoes of Hubert de Givenchy are caught but not replicated. The Chantilly lace dresses are scissored-up to micro length, elongating the body. Fifties foundations take a provocative turn in bullet-bras. Bracelet-length sleeves and cocoon backs are captured in coats and jackets. His scarves and bows are translated into graphic, exploded leather scarves, knots, and the airy organza neckline of another Givenchy classic - a white shirt which acts, for today, as a dress.
Intertwining the couture values of the past and the creative energy of the future.
Shoes, jewellery and bags are designed as objects of desire. Couture gestures are materialised in frou-frou tulle mules, twisted ribbon sandals, curvaceous cone-heel fetish pumps, ‘naked’ cutaway satin-strap heels and slice-toe ballerina flats. Patent leather square-toe loafers and masculine round-toe slippers walk with tailoring; high heel latex sliced-toe boots zipper up the back and hug the calf.
The Pinch and The Facet, two styles of bags, iterated as clutches and shoulder bags, with jewelled, and micro-metal evening clutches. Elevated from the origin story of the rediscovered first Givenchy patterns, the notion of treasured found objects shows up sparkling in smashed-chandelier mixed-media jewellery components and the modernised glamour of old-couture glass, pearl and crystal couture earrings.
Vanessa Kirby
Rooney Mara
Joseph Quinn
Gwendoline Christie
Fan ChengCheng
Raye
Yseult
Kit Connor
Ryan Destiny
Golshifteh Farahani
Nanao
Off Jumpol
Ruonan Zhang
Souheila Yacoub
Halina Reijn
Joe Locke
Saura Lightfoot-Leon
Ruby Lin
Sophie Okonedo
Marisa Berenson
Lucky Love
Hafsia Herzi
Hannah Bagshawe
THE GUESTS
Boots & Ankle Boots
Sculpted ankle boots in suede
Shark Lock ankle boots in leather
Shark Lock boots in leather
Shark Lock Stiletto over-the-knee boots in satin
Shark Lock Stiletto boots in nappa leather
Shark Lock boots in grained leather
Shark Lock Stiletto over-the-knee boots in suede
Shark Lock Stiletto over-the-knee boots in nappa
Shark Lock Stiletto ankle boots in nappa leather
Shark Lock Stiletto ankle boots in suede
Shark Lock Stiletto boots in suede and shearling
Shark Lock Stiletto over-the-knee boots in leather
Shark Lock Stiletto ankle boots in satin with feathers
POLICY ON PRIVACY AND PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
The processing, privacy and security of your personal data is extremely important to us. We make every effort to provide you personalized services in a way that honours your wishes and privacy. The purpose of this policy on privacy and personal data protection (hereinafter the “Privacy Policy”) is to give you straightforward, clear and comprehensive information on how the data you provide to us is used, including the data we may acquire about you through various channels (store, customer service department, givenchy.com, social media, apps, and events), whether it is shared with third parties, and the rights and options available to you for controlling your personal data and protecting your privacy.
About us
This Privacy Policy outlines how GIVENCHY, a French business corporation headquartered at 3, avenue George V 75008 Paris, France, and/or its affiliates (hereinafter “GIVENCHY”) uses personal data that pertains to you (“You” or “Your”) in its capacity as data controller to provide You the best customer experience possible. You may obtain the name and address of the local GIVENCHY processing company (“We,” “Us” or “Our”) that collects, stores, processes, uses and shares Your personal data when You use the GIVENCHY websites and mobile apps or when You visit Our social media pages or when You go to one of Our stores in Your country.
Types of Data Collected by GIVENCHY
“Personal data” designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to:
We may also collect data from publicly available sources which shall be considered as data having been communicated by you
In the event you apply for a job at GIVENCHY, We may collect the following information: Your name and Your contact details, Your resume and Your motivation letter. The personal data that GIVENCHY requires is indicated as such on the various pages that contain forms for collecting personal data. If You do not complete these required fields, GIVENCHY will most likely not reply to Your requests and/or provide you the products and services requested. The other information is optional and enables Us to know You better and improve the messages and services We send You.
Channels by which your data is collected and/or received
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact:
Such data or information may be sent to locations outside the European Economic Area. Therefore, We recommend that You familiarize yourself with how these apps are used and their respective policies on personal data protection.
Purposes for which GIVENCHY uses Your data
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to:
We can use third party services such as but not limited to Facebook Custom Audiences, Google Customer match or similar services and/or work with third Party social media to create profile based on you preferences in order to manage your user’s experience and/or to offer you more personalised experience or advertising on Our products using the data we have collected from you, including your email address. We may also use your data by combining it with your browsing data using cookies for targeted advertising purposes. This type of targeting is made possible by the use of technologies from our third-party partners that allow us to link the browsing data of the same user on Our sites, the platforms of social networks or third-party sites, regardless of the terminal used. You may object to this processing at any time by configuring the advertising settings of your account on the social network platforms and/or refer to our cookie policy to understand how to withdraw your consent.
Third Party social media are either acting as data processor in which case they commit not to share or use your data for another purpose not to keep them after such processing (which is, for instance, the case of Facebook custom Audience and Google Customer match services) or as independent data controller with Your consent (which is the case in particular of Facebook ads pixel) in which case they are responsible for their own compliance with the applicable data protection laws. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences and offer you more personalized advertisement through:
When it relates to Your job application, We use Your data to manage and track Your application. We retain a history of transactions and other sales documents in order to meet legal and governmental requirements as well as for the purposes of our insurers and audits. Depending on the manner in which your data are collected, the legal grounds for processing them may be:
Retention period
We solely retain your personal data for the time required to achieve the current objective, to satisfy Your needs or to meet Our legal obligations. In general, Your personal data are only retained in Our database for a period that is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined above or for the retention period permitted by law.
If cookies are installed on Your computer, We cannot retain them for more than 13 months. Once We no longer require Your personal data, they are deleted from Our systems and records or anonymized so You cannot be identified.
Recipients and transfer of your data
Your data are intended for the GIVENCHY departments that handle Your requests. We ensure that Your personal data are only accessible to people who are duly authorized and when needed for the purposes cited above. We do not share Your data with third parties for marketing purposes. When necessary, and whenever possible in a format that does not identify you directly, we may share Your information with:
We may also likely provide You the option of using your social media login information. In this case, be aware that You are sharing your profile information with Us. We would like to inform you that these social networks operate under their own privacy policies.
In the case of cross-border transfers, we ensure that adequate protection is provided when personal data is transferred outside the European Economic Area. In specific cases, if this level of protection is not guaranteed, we will obtain your prior consent or establish a contractual framework with the recipient of the personal data and/or ensure that sufficient measures are in place to provide an adequate level of protection abroad.
Means by which the privacy of your data is protected
GIVENCHY has implemented the proper technical and organizational measures to ensure that Your personal data are kept confidential and secure in the event they are ever lost, destroyed, corrupted, accessed or unlawfully disclosed. GIVENCHY's computer systems are protected by physical and digital means that meet the highest industry standards. In compliance with current French law and European regulations on personal data protection, procedures are in place to physically and electronically safeguard the data collected on the website. GIVENCHY's service providers and contractors are bound by written agreements to implement adequate security measures to protect Your personal data in accordance with the relevant regulations. Your data may be accessed, transferred or stored outside the European Union and made accessible to employees who work for Us or for one of Our trusted service providers (i.e. a store other than Your primary store may access your purchase history, our trusted service provider will access to Your Data for fraud prevention purpose). We do so securely in compliance with the applicable law and make every effort to ensure that third parties honor the commitment stated in this Privacy Policy. Due to their position, GIVENCHY employees with access to Your personal data are required to sign a confidentiality agreement. The financial institution designated by GIVENCHY stores all of the financial information You provide on the website on its secure site. Transactions completed on the website are protected by SSL encryption.
Your rights under the European Directive GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
Below is a summary of the rights to which You are entitled under this regulation.
You have the right to obtain clear, transparent and intelligible information on how We use Your personal data and on Your rights. All of this information can be found in this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to access the personal data that GIVENCHY possesses about You
You have the right to rectify Your personal data if it is inaccurate or outdated and/or to complete any missing data.
You have the right to erase or delete your data. However, this right may be restricted for legal reasons or due to Our legitimate interests in retaining Your personal data.
At any time, you may request to stop receiving Our messages pertaining to Our promotions, news and events. Specifically, you can use the hyperlink provided for this purpose in every email We send to You.
You can withdraw Your consent for Us to process Your data when the processing is based on consent. You also have the right to contact Your country’s data protection authority to file a complaint against GIVENCHY's data and privacy protection practices.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or GIVENCHY's personal data protection practices or if you would like to exercise one of the aforementioned rights, please email us at: mydata@givenchy.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
GIVENCHY is inclined to update this Privacy Policy based on legal and regulatory circumstances and to keep You informed of any changes in our practices on processing Your personal data. GIVENCHY advises You to check this section or click on the Privacy Policy link on the bottom of the website's homepage or in the Legal Notice section so that You are always aware of the most recent version of the Privacy Policy when You interact with GIVENCHY.
23/06/2022
Men
Relaxed fit trousers in cotton mix
Turtleneck sweater in cashmere knit
Turtleneck sweater in cotton with GIVENCHY Paris embroidery
Cargo trousers in cotton
Cross-body Bags
Essential U belt bag in canvas
Essential U belt bag in nylon
Small Voyou Crossbody bag in crackled leather
Large Voyou bag in crackled leather
Voyou Crossbody bag in grained leather
Small Voyou Crossbody bag in grained leather
Small Voyou Crossbody bag in leather
G-Trek messenger bag in nylon
G-Trek bumbag in nylon
Voyou Roller bag in grained leather
Voyou Roller bag in aged leather
Hamburg — ALSTERHAUS
DÜSSLEDORF — BREUNINGER
Women
Munich — BREUNINGER
STUTTGART — BREUNINGER
LEGAL NOTICE AND GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
I-Legal Notice
The givenchy.com site is produced and published by GIVENCHY, a French public limited company (S.A.) with a capital of 3,000,000 euros, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 552 051 229, and with its registered office located at 3, avenue George V-75008 Paris, France.
Telephone: +33 (0)1 44 31 50 00
Email: contact@givenchy.com
Publications Director: Alessandro Valenti
Editor: Alessandro Valenti
Individual VAT number: FR 46 552 051 229
SIRET Number: 552 051 229 00011
Site hosted by: Demandware, LLC-5 Wall Street, Burlington, MA 01803, USA, telephone: +1 781-425-1400
II-General Terms and Conditions of Use
Use of the givenchy.com website and the purchase of products offered on givenchy.com are subject to these General Terms and Conditions of Use of the givenchy.com website (“General Terms and Conditions of Use”). By using the givenchy.com website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted without reservation these General Terms and Conditions of Use. In addition, by using the givenchy.com website you acknowledge the confidentiality clauses of the givenchy.com website (see “Security and Confidentiality”).
GIVENCHY may at any time modify and update these General Terms and Conditions of Use and the Privacy and the Cookie Policies . The General Terms and Conditions of Use and the Privacy and the Cookie Policies in force at the time of use of the Givenchy.com website are those that are binding upon you.
We advise you to keep yourself regularly informed of the current terms and conditions. You may at any time read the current version of the General Terms and Conditions of Use or the Privacy and the Cookie Policies charter by clicking on the relevant tabs.
1. Security and Confidentiality
The Privacy and the Cookie Policies governs the use of personal information that you agree to communicate to GIVENCHY on this website. GIVENCHY may modify its Privacy and Cookie Policies” at any time, as specified in this document.
2. Intellectual Property
The Website and any software necessarily used in association with it may contain confidential information as well as data protected by intellectual property law. Unless otherwise stipulated, the intellectual property rights to the documents and any data of any kind contained on the Website and the individual elements that make up the Website (images, illustrations, sounds, texts, graphical elements, charter, etc.), including software, databases and newsletters, are the exclusive property of GIVENCHY (hereinafter the “Content”), which does not grant any license or any right other than to consult the Website. Reproduction of all or part of the Content is solely permitted for personal and private use for information purposes, any reproduction and use of copies made for any other purpose whatsoever and in any form whatsoever being expressly prohibited. It is also prohibited to copy, modify, create a derivative work, assemble, decompile (except in the cases provided for by law), sell, assign, sublicense or transfer in any way the rights attached to the Content. It is also prohibited to modify all or part of the Content and the software in particular or to use modified versions of the software, particularly to obtain unauthorized access to the service and to access the Website by any means other than the interface which is provided to the Visitor by GIVENCHY for this purpose.
It is hereby stated that GIVENCHY is the owner of the GIVENCHY brand name and its logos.
GIVENCHY partners are owners of their brand names.
Any use whatsoever of the brand names and/or logos and/or any other content is subject to the express authorization of GIVENCHY or the holder of the intellectual property rights concerned.
The Website may include links to other websites or other Internet sources. As GIVENCHY is unable to control these websites and external sources, GIVENCHY may not be held responsible for the availability of these websites and external sources, and will not bear any responsibility for their content, advertising, products, services or any other information or data that is available on or from these websites or external sources. In addition, GIVENCHY may not be held responsible for any damage or loss, whether proven or alleged, as a result of or in relation to the use or having trusted the content, goods or services available on these websites or external services.
Any creation of links to the GIVENCHY Website, any framing of the Website, and more generally any use of an element that makes up the Website, is subject to the prior and express authorization of GIVENCHY which can be revoked at any time at its sole discretion. GIVENCHY reserves the right to (i) request the removal of any link to the Website that has not been or is no longer authorized, and (ii) to seek damages and interests suffered as a result.
3. Responsibility
The visitor shall be personally responsible for the implementation of the computing and telecommunications resources enabling access to the Website and the knowledge necessary for Internet access and for use of the GIVENCHY Website.
The visitor uses the Website at his/her own risk. GIVENCHY shall in no event be held responsible to you or to any third party for any indirect, incidental, special or incidental damages— including, without limitation, any loss of profit or other indirect loss— resulting from your use of the givenchy.com website or your inability to use it. This limitation of responsibility applies to the fullest extent permitted by law.
4. Absence of Guarantee
GIVENCHY cannot guarantee or affirm:
The givenchy.com website may contain technical inaccuracies or other defects, and GIVENCHY does not guarantee the correction of these defects. The givenchy.com website and the content of this site are presented “as is” and “based on availability.” GIVENCHY expressly excludes any form of guarantee, including, without limitation, any implied guarantee in respect of the general conditions of use of the givenchy.com website or the website's suitability for normal use or for a specific use, its quality, or its compliance with all legal provisions. This limitation of responsibility applies to the fullest extent permitted by law.
5. Visitor Behavior
Every visitor must use the Internet responsibly, courteously and with respect for the rights of other Internet users.
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, each Visitor agrees to abide by all local and international rules and procedures relating to online behavior and acceptable content, including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data.
At any time and for any reason, GIVENCHY may use any means necessary to terminate the use of the Website or any of the services of GIVENCHY, without notice, for any conduct violating these terms of use, without prejudice to any damages and interest which GIVENCHY reserves the right to claim from the Visitor in case of non-compliance with the General Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website.
6. Applicable Law – Disputes
These General Terms and Conditions of Use are governed and interpreted according to French law in accordance with EC regulation 593/2008 of 17 June 2008. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the application of articles 82 to 91 and 114 to 126 of the Spanish Royal Legislative Decree be excluded by the choice of law made by the parties. Those provisions shall prevail under all circumstances except where French law provisions are more favorable to the visitor.
In the event of any dispute resulting from the use of the Website, you have the option of using a conventional mediation procedure or any other alternative dispute resolution procedure.
In the event of a dispute, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000:
GIVENCHY reserves the right to request and obtain injunctions or ordinances to defend its rights hereunder.
If any provision of these General Terms and Conditions of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these General Terms and Conditions of Use which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these General Terms and Conditions of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these General Terms and Conditions of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, you and we agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the website must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues. Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
We advise you to keep yourself regularly informed of the current terms and conditions. You can read the current version of the General Terms and Conditions of Use at any time by clicking on the “Legal notices” link.
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the French version of the General Terms and Conditions of Use, the Privacy and the Cookie“ ” Policies and the General Terms and Conditions of Sale, and those provided in another language, the French version shall prevail.
In case of any questions, our team of advisors is available to respond in french and english, Monday through Saturday from 10:00 am to 7:00 pm (Paris time). Contact them by calling 0800 00 1952 (toll-free number for any call made from Germany) or 00 800 0000 1952 (call charges vary according to landline rates to the location called) from abroad, or by email: contact@givenchy.com .
III-Gender Equality Index
Givenchy reaffirms its commitment to workplace equality. In 2024, Givenchy achieved a score of 95/100 on the Gender Equality Index, reflecting the ongoing commitment to equity and diversity within the House. We are taking concrete action to strengthen parity and inclusion at every stage of the career path, from recruitment and training to career development opportunities. The detailed results of the Index are as follows:
Gender equality is an essential pillar of our corporate culture, and we will continue to work towards an ever more inclusive and equitable environment.
Version dated: March 28, 2025
Wallets
Card Holders
Pouches
Day card holder in shiny leather
Day pouch in shiny leather
Day wallet in shiny leather
4G Liquid wallet in Box leather
Small 4G Liquid pouch in Box leather with chain
Voyou card holder in leather
4G wallet in grained leather
Voyou wallet in leather
Voyou zipped card holder in leather
4G zipped card holder in box leather
4G wallet in Box leather
Voyou wallet in denim
4G Liquid card holder in Box leather
Sliced midi dress
Medium Voyou bag in shiny leather
Block heeled sandals in mirror effect leather
Fluted mini dress
Boxy single beasted jacket in wool
Shirt in poplin with GIVENCHY embroidery
Square sunglasses in metal
GIVENCHY Bold sunglasses in acetate
4G sunglasses in acetate
Weekend Bags
Ready-to-Wear
Sliced mini dress in satin
Cropped peacoat with leather collar in cotton and wool
Dress in cotton with leather details
Cropped Cocoon biker jacket in leather
Utility cropped shirt in poplin with GIVENCHY patch
Slim fit off-the-shoulder top
Shirt dress in poplin
Cinched jacket in raw denim
Sandals & Mules
Sculpted heeled mules in mirror effect leather
Block heeled sandals in tortoise shell patent leather
G Cube heeled mules in leather
G Cube heeled mules in 4G transparent mesh
Slide flat sandals in recycled rubber
Voyou
Belted
Mini Belted Hobo bag in leather
Mini Belted Hobo bag in denim
Mini Antigona bag in denim
SHIPPING AND PAYMENT
SHIPPING
Givenchy items are only delivered to mainland Germany, with the exception of Büsingen and Heligoland. Givenchy does not deliver orders to business addresses, P.O. boxes, hotels or university campuses. Orders to any of these destinations will not be processed. Delivery of items will take place upon full payment of the items ordered. Orders made from the website of a country/region different to that of the delivery address will not be processed.
Based on product availability and your location, GIVENCHY offers varying delivery services:
Delivery from Monday through Friday by 6pm for any order placed online or by phone. This service is not available on holidays. The expected delivery time is 3 business days after placing the order. This delivery service is offered free of charge by GIVENCHY.
Delivery from Monday through Friday by 12 noon for any order placed online or by phone. This service is not available on holidays. The expected delivery time is 3 business days after placing the order. Shipping fees: 10€.
Givenchy will inform you by email of the progress of your order. You can also track the progress of your order in the “My Orders” section of your online Customer Account on Givenchy.com or by contacting our Customer Service during the opening hours indicated in the Contact section of the Site.
Shipping fees for online orders depend on the delivery method chosen.
We offer the option to include a personalized message when sending a gift order. Please note that GIVENCHY reserves the right to withhold or refuse the acceptance of a product order accompanied by messages containing statements contrary to the law or morality.
The receipt (in PDF format) of your order on Givenchy.com will be sent electronically to your email address. This receipt, which we advise you to print and keep, will also be available by logging in to your Customer Account. The price will be removed from the label of the products you ordered and the receipt will not be attached to your order at the time of shipment. You may receive a paper version of your receipt upon request from Customer Service. This request, accompanied by your proof of identity, must be sent within 12 months from the issue of the receipt received by email.
To contact our Customer Service, please consult the “Contact” section of the Site.
PAYMENT
GIVENCHY accepts the following payment methods for online purchases: Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Sofort, Klarna and Paypal. An authorization application will be sent to your bank. Please note that your billing address must be identical to the one listed on your credit card statement. At present, we do not accept gift cards.
All transactions made on the Givenchy.com site are highly secure. An SSL encryption system is in place to protect personal and payment data. Givenchy agrees to not store your credit card details. In addition, we enforce the security of payments through the secure 3D system for Visa, Mastercard and American Express cards thus equipped. An additional step takes place upon payment, verifying the cardholder's identity and confirming the transaction. Each bank has its own authentication. For any questions regarding your 3D Secure code, please contact your bank directly. Our Customer Service may also conduct verifications and contact you before approving the transaction and confirming the order to collect more information in order to fight against fraud and guarantee your protection.
All prices are inclusive of VAT. At present, we cannot offer you a VAT refund service for any purchases that may be eligible for tax refund.
Ties & Other Accessories
Square in silk with Afternoon Light print
Stole in wool and silk with Afternoon Light jacquard
Tie in textured silk jacquard
Bow tie in silk
T-Shirts & Polos
T-shirt in cotton with Trompe l'Œil Atelier print
T-shirt in cotton with GIVENCHY Paris embroidery
T-shrit in cotton with Afternoon Light print
Fall 2025 Collection
Objects of Desire
The Antigona East-West Bag
New In
Dresses
Sign up to the Givenchy Newsletter
Subscribe to be the first to know about our latest collection and exclusive early accesses.
Straight leg tailored trousers in striped wool
Double pleat bermuda shorts in cotton twill
Bermuda shorts in fleece with GIVENCHY Stamp print
Bermuda shorts in twill with Afternoon Light print
Bermuda shorts in crochet knit
Bermuda shorts in scuba
Joggers in fleece with GIVENCHY patch
Joggers in scuba
Cropped Cocoon joggers in fleece with GIVENCHY patch
All-in-one cotton twill with GIVENCHY Paris embroidery
All Ready-to-Wear
Sweater Cocoon wool with GIVENCHY Stamp embroidery
GIVENCHY embroidered cap in cotton
Backpacks
Essential U backpack in nylon
Essential U backpack in canvas
G-Trek backpack in nylon
Straight leg tailored trousers in wool
Loafers
Asymmetric dress in lace with sequins
Bustier cape back evening dress in lace
Bustier evening dress in organza
Halter neck dress in crepe and satin
Mini bustier dress in lace with cape
Halter neck evening dress with crystals
Draped evening dress in chiffon with cape
Draped evening dress in chiffon with crystals and cape
Fluted mini dress in leather
Shirt dress in washed denim
Mini dress in wool
Dress in cashmere with open back
Asymmetric dress in cashmere
Accessories
All Accessories
GIVENCHY bucket hat in cotton
Gifts Selection
GIVENCHY Shadow shawl in wool and silk
Other Accessories
GIVENCHY cap in leather
GIVENCHY embroidered cap in denim
Long gloves in nappa leather
Strap in 4G embroidery
GIVENCHY strap in webbing
GIVENCHY 4G beanie in wool
Ribbed beanie in wool and cashmere
Card holder in grained leather
Wallet in grained leather
G-Trek toilet pouch in nylon
GIVENCHY wallet in 4G Classic leather
Wallet in Classic 4G leather
Card holder in 4G leather
Zipped wallet in 4G Classic leather
Voyou pouch in aged leather
Voyou pouch in crackled leather
GIVENCHY card holder in braided-effect leather
Card holder in braided-effect leather
Wallet in 4G leather
Shark Boots
Shark Lock ankle boots in washed denim
Shark Lock Stiletto over-the-knee boots in washed denim
Gifts for Her
GIVENCHY Paris 1952 pochette in leather
RETURN AND REFUND
RETURN
You have the option to return, free of charge, any product ordered within 30 days of its date of receipt. GIVENCHY offers you an online return service.
In addition to the customer's right to withdraw and return Products, the customer may also change his mind and exchange a Product within thirty (30) days.
Terms and fees of return are provided by GIVENCHY.
1. Go to the “Sign in” section of the Givenchy.com website.
2. Sign in using your “Member” ID and password or the “Verify the order” fields.
3. Once you're signed in, go to your order and click on "Request an exchange or a return"
4. Select the product(s) to be returned and indicate the reason for return.
5. Confirm/Create your request for a return. You will receive a confirmation email with your return number.
1. Place the items you wish to return as well as your delivery receipt inside the box in which you received your order.
2. Once your package is prepared, you can schedule a pickup by calling our Customer Service ( 00 800 0000 1952 , toll-free number from France) or bring back your items in a selection of Givenchy stores.
1. Place the pre-printed return label provided with your order on the outside of the package.
2. Contact Customer Service (by calling 00 800 0000 1952 toll-free number from France) in order to arrange an appointment (date and time slot) for the collection of the Product(s) or drop off your parcel at a UPS Access Point: www.UPS.com .
Feel free to contact, if needed, our Customer service .
You have the option to return, free of charge, products ordered within 30 days from their date of delivery.
Refunds
In case of return, the refund will take place within 72 hours of receipt of the product(s) at the warehouse. However, the maximum period for refund is 14 days after receipt.
A confirmation email will be sent to you. The refund will then be made according to the same payment method and in the same currency as that used by the customer upon payment of his/her order.
Mode of refund: Refunds will be made via the credit card used for payment. For security reasons, we are not authorized to carry out the refund to another account or via a credit card other than that used for payment of the order.
Sweater Cocoon in wool with Afternoon Light jacquard
Sweater in cashmere knit
Boxy single breasted jacket in wool with Hair print
Jacket in washed denim
Double breasted coat in wool
Formal coat in wool
Trench in cotton
Trench in taffetas with Hair print
Parka in cotton with GIVENCHY Stamp print
Clutches
Shoulder Bags
Medium Voyou bag in pony effect leather with leopard pattern
Medium Belted Hobo bag in leather
Medium Belted Hobo bag in denim
Mini Voyou bag in denim
Medium Voyou bag in denim
Small Antigona bag in Box leather
Scarves
GIVENCHY Stamp square in silk
GIVENCHY Stamp shawl in silk
GIVENCHY Shadow stole in wool and silk
GIVENCHY Stamp bandeau in silk
GIVENCHY 4G square in silk
Scarf in wool and cashmere
Sculpted heeled pumps in tortoise shell patent leather
Slim sneakers in painted mesh and suede
Customer Service
FAQ
Care Information
Shipping and payments
Return And Refund
Care
Ready To Wear
How to take care of your printed products?
How to take care of your leather products?
How to take care of your embroidered products?
How to take care of your denim products?
How to take care of your wool or cashmere products?
Leather
Embroidery
Metal parts
Leather Goods
Canvas
Eyewear
Repair
1.Request
2.Analyze
3.Proposition
4.Repair
5.Closing
Need help?
Givenchy items are delivered everywhere in France, with the exception of overseas departments, Corsica and the Principality of Monaco. Givenchy does not deliver orders to business addresses, P.O. boxes, hotels or university campuses. Orders to any of these destinations will not be processed. Delivery of items will take place upon full payment of the items ordered. Products can only be delivered to Metropolitan France (France, excluding Corsica, overseas departments and Monaco). Orders made from the website of a country/region different to that of the delivery address will not be processed.
Delivery from Monday through Friday by 6pm for any order placed online or by phone. This service is not available on holidays. The expected delivery time is 2 business days after placing the order. This delivery service is offered free of charge by GIVENCHY.
Delivery from Monday through Friday by 12 noon for any order placed online or by phone. This service is not available on holidays. The expected delivery time is 2 business days after placing the order. Shipping fees: 10€.
Saturday delivery for any order placed online or by phone on friday before 1pm. This service is not available on holidays. Shipping fees: 20€.
Same-day delivery between 2pm and 10pm, Monday through Saturday, in Paris and the Paris region (subject to postal code eligibility for this service) for any order placed before 3:00 pm Monday through Saturday. This service is not available on holidays. Shipping fees: 20€.
Delivery from Monday through Friday in a selection of GIVENCHY stores for any order placed online or by phone. The stores available for this delivery service are:
This delivery service is offered free of charge by GIVENCHY. Based on your product selection, we offer two times for in-store pickup:
GIVENCHY accepts the following payment methods for online purchases: Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Apple Pay. An authorization application will be sent to your bank. Please note that your billing address must be identical to the one listed on your credit card statement. At present, we do not accept gift cards.
You have the option to return, free of charge, any product ordered within 30 days of its date of receipt. GIVENCHY offers two types of returns: online or in one of our stores.
Drop it off at your convenience in our stores:
At the store, present your ID. If you designated a third person to make a return, he/she must provide his/her own ID.
After a preliminary check of the product returned in store, a store consultant will provide you with a document acknowledging the return of your item(s). Keep this document until you receive an email confirming your refund.
When you return a product to a Givenchy store, please note that the refund will not be made on site.
REFUNDS
Welcome
Sign in
If you are already a Givenchy Family member, please enter your login information.
New member
Create your personal account with us to become a member of the Givenchy Family.
Order Status
You can verify the status of your order without having an account. Please provide your contact information.
Select a country / region and Language
4G necklace in metal
GIVENCHY necklace in metal
Bags
All Bags
Medium & Large bags
Toy, Mini & Small bags
Micro & Nano bags
Pumps
Beauw slingbacks in nappa leather
G Cube slingbacks in 4G mesh
4G Liquid platform sandals in satin
4G Liquid heeled sandals in leather
Careers
Follow us on LinkedIn.
In order to discover the opportunities offered by the House of Givenchy, please browse the recruitment page of LVMH.
If you would like to propose your profile for a particular position, feel free to send our Human Resources department an email, including a résumé, a motivation letter and any other documentation that you may feel relevant.
Discover Sarah Burton's Fall 2025 Women's collection, exploring the new archetypes that define the Givenchy woman. Complete your wardrobe with our latest arrivals: precision tailoring, leather outerwear, refined denim and Chantilly lace dresses.
Couture Seam Cocoon shirt in striped poplin
Sitemap
Urban Street sneakers in suede with elastic band
Top Handle Bags
Shirts
Shirt in cotton twill with GIVENCHY Paris patch pocket
Shirt in cotton oxford with GIVENCHY paris embroidery
Shirt in striped cotton with GIVENCHY stamp print
Shirt in striped cotton
Shirt in twill with Afternoon Light print
Kaia Gerber & Halina Reijn campaign
“Kaia Gerber and Halina Reijn captured something I love about how creative women collaborate. The idea behind my first campaign for Givenchy was to focus on the friendship between a film director and an actor. I wanted it to celebrate the female gaze.”
Sarah Burton, Givenchy Artistic Director
GIVENCHY FALL 2025
For day or evening, our collection of denim embodies the elegance and modernity of Maison Givenchy. Complete your look with a sweater, a shirt, or pants.
Caps
GIVENCHY bucket hat in nylon
GIVENCHY 4G embroidered cap in cotton
Nano
Nano Voyou bag in leather
Nano Voyou bag in washed denim
Nano Voyou bag in laminated leather
Nano Voyou bag in satin with strass
Nano Voyou bag in velvet with bow detail
Mini & Micro bags
Tops
Overshirt in leather
Polo in silk
Shirt in silk with plastron
Cropped shirt in poplin with GIVENCHY patch
Your bag is empty
Evening
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE
[Givenchy.com](http://givenchy.com/) – version dated April 3rd 2024
Please carefully read these General Terms and Conditions of Sales, General Terms and Conditions of Use and the “Personal Data and Cookies” Charter of the givenchy.com website. You can also print the full text of these General Terms and Conditions of Sale through the print function of your browser.
Use of the remote sales process described in the these General Terms and Conditions of Sale is restricted to consumers only, (i) as defined by law and case law, and (ii) acting exclusively on their own behalf.
TERMS OF SALE
1. Identification of the seller
These General Terms and Conditions of Sale are those of GIVENCHY, a French société anonyme (corporation) with a share capital of €3,000,000, whose registered office is at 3, avenue George V - 75008 Paris - France, registered with the Trade and Companies Register under number 552 051 229 RCS Paris. Its Siret number is 552 051 229 00011 and its intra-Community VAT number is FR 46 552 051 229. Its telephone number is the following: 00 800 0000 1952 (toll-free number for all calls from Germany); e-mail: contact@givenchy.com
2. Scope and acceptance of the General Terms and Conditions of Sale
These Terms of Sale apply to all sales of GIVENCHY products to customers concluded remotely:
(i) either through the Customer Service department implemented by GIVENCHY and contactable by telephone at 00 800 0000 1952 (toll-free number for any call made from Germany) or via the GIVENCHY Customer Service postal service - 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France (hereinafter “Customer Service”);
(ii) or via the merchant site accessible from the English version (available, for the convenience of the customer only, in four languages: French, English, Italian and simplified Chinese) of the (http://givenchy.com/es/en) website (hereinafter the “Website”), for delivery in Germany;
(iii) (iii) or through one of the following three (3) GIVENCHY stores and contactable by telephone (price of a local call) and/or e-mail at the contact that follows (hereinafter the “Stores”), for delivery in Germany, the European Union and outside the European Union, excluding the following countries: Russia, Syria, North Korea and Iran: - Women's store, sis 36 Avenue Montaigne – 75008 Paris, tel: + 33 1 44 43 99 90 – e-mail: store_paris_montaigne@givenchy.com; - Men's and Women’s store, sis 28 Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré – 75008 Paris, tel: + 33 1 42 68 32 00 – e-mail: store_paris_faubourg@givenchy.com ; - Men's store, sis 56 Rue François 1er – 75008 Paris, tel: +33 1 40 76 07 27 – e-mail: store_paris_francois1er@givenchy.com - Men's and Women’s store Via del Babuino, 195, 00187 Roma RM, Italy, tel: +39 06 4565 4430 – e-mail: store_rome_babuino@givenchy.com - Men's and Women’s store, Via Sant'Andrea 11 20121, Milan, tel: +39 02 78 62 3710 – e-mail: store_milan_santandrea@givenchy.com
*In the case of telephone sales, any sale of GIVENCHY items via the Customer Service department implemented by GIVENCHY or through the Stores is concluded subject to the resolutory condition of the full and prior acceptance over the telephone of these Terms of Sale and of the Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy which may be accessed by the customer at the Website.
*In the case of electronic sales (Internet), the customer declares to have carefully read these Terms of Sale prior to the placement of the order and he/she will then be asked to confirm his/her acceptance of the Terms of Sale during each purchase on the Website by checking the box “I have read and accept the Terms of Sale and Use, as well as the Personal Data Protection Policy and Cookies Policy of the http://givenchy.com/ website.” The confirmation of customer’s order therefore constitutes acceptance without restriction or reservation of these Terms of Sale. In accordance with the provisions of Article 1127-1 of the French Civil Code, these Terms of Sale may be saved by any person visiting the Website by means of a computer download and may be reproduced via printing. GIVENCHY reserves the right to make any changes to its Terms of Sale. However, orders will be governed by the Terms of Sale in force at the time when said orders were placed by the customer. In the event that, subsequent to the date of their removal from the Website, an outdated version of the Terms of Sale remains available to the public via other websites or by any other means other than on the http://givenchy.com/ Website, through the Stores, or through Customer Service, these Terms and Conditions would no longer, however, be binding on GIVENCHY for the orders placed after said removal.
3. Ordering methods
3.1 Telephone orders
Orders will only be received in English:
- either by GIVENCHY Customer Service at 00 800 0000 1952 (toll-free number for any call made from Germany), Monday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. (Paris time), except for holidays and for delivery to Germany.
- or by the Stores, at the numbers mentioned in article 2, during the opening hours of said Store, for delivery to the countries mentioned in article 2.
3.2 Internet orders
The merchant website accessible from the Website enable the ordering of a selection of GIVENCHY branded products (hereinafter the “Product(s)”), immediately online via the Internet for delivery to Germany. Customers can obtain additional information by contacting Customer Service by telephone.
4. Product information and availability
Information relating to all GIVENCHY Products that may be sold on the Website, through Customer Service or through the Stores is available in the Stores and on the Website. This information complies with the requirements of the legal and regulatory texts in force.
Product visuals appearing on the Website may be altered according to the quality of the equipment used by the customer to access the Website or the visuals. In this case, GIVENCHY may not be held responsible. Unless otherwise specified below, it is stipulated that the customer may always exercise his/her right of withdrawal in accordance with Article 11 "Right of withdrawal – returns, exchanges, refunds.”
Our Product offerings and prices are valid as long as they are visible on the Website or available in Stores, within the limit of available stock. Errors or modifications may exist in exceptional cases, particularly in the case of simultaneous orders of the same Product by several customers.
In any event, and in the case of total or partial unavailability of Products after placing an order, the customer will be informed by e-mail as soon as possible of the unavailability of the Product and of the total or partial cancellation of his/her order.
In the event of partial cancellation of the order, and depending on the selected payment method, GIVENCHY Customer Service, or the Store that dealt with the initial order, will contact the customer to inform him/her of the cancellation of his/her order and proceed with a refund, which will take place as soon as possible within no later than fourteen (14) days. In the event of partial cancellation of the order.
GIVENCHY reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to change the Products offered on the Website and/or offered for sale at the Stores. To ensure better quality of service and availability of our Products to all customers, GIVENCHY reserves the right to limit the quantity of Products a customer can purchase, in accordance with the applicable provisions, in particular those of article L.121-11 of the French Consumer Code.
5. Ordering process through the Website or Customer Service
5.1. Selection of Products
At any time, the customer may add Products to his/her selection by clicking “Add to cart,” and choose to complete his/her purchases or continue browsing.
The customer may view his/her selection by hovering over or clicking “your cart” in the top right menu, where the following will appear: the photo(s) of the Product(s), the color(s) and reference(s), the quantity selected, the unit price(s) and the subtotal of the selection. The customer may freely modify his/her online “Cart” containing the selected Products, remove an initially selected Product, modify the quantities ordered or add a Product by clicking the corresponding items made available within the “Cart.”
5.2. Identification
After selecting the Product(s), click “Check Out” to begin the ordering process.
- Ordering through a customer account
If the customer already has a customer account, at this point he/she must identify himself/herself by entering his/her password.
If the customer does not yet have an account, he/she will be invited to create one by entering his/her e-mail address and creating a password. For the Site's mobile version, he/she will be asked to enter this information during the identification process.
Usernames and passwords are strictly personal, therefore the customer undertakes to keep them safe and to never communicate them to third parties. GIVENCHY shall, in no event, be held liable for any loss, theft or fraudulent use of the customer's account, in which case the latter undertakes to inform GIVENCHY immediately.
Creating an account allows the customer to:
- track deliveries and review order history;
- return or exchange Products;
- add or change his/her delivery or billing address for future orders;
- manage his/her subscriptions to the GIVENCHY newsletter.
If the customer has a customer account, he/she may have his/her account deactivated at any time by sending an e-mail to Customer Service by clicking on the “Customer Service” link. After deactivating his/her account, the customer is free to create a new account at any time.
- Ordering as a guest without a customer account
The customer may also log in as a guest, without creating an account. Only a title, first name, last name and e-mail address, as well as the information necessary for the delivery of the order, are necessary to process the order. No customer account will be created and all customer details will need to be re-entered for future orders.
The data recorded by the Site constitutes proof of all transactions between GIVENCHY and its customers. In the event of conflict between GIVENCHY and one of its customers over a transaction carried out on the Site, the data recorded by GIVENCHY is considered as valid proof of the content of the transaction.
5.3. Confirmation of the order
5.3.a) Confirmation of the delivery method
The customer must select his/her delivery method from those offered in Article 9.2 a) and then provide the delivery information necessary for the proper shipment of his/her order: title, first name, last name, telephone number, shipping address or the store at which they would like to pick up the order, if the customer has chosen the “in-store pickup” delivery method (see Article “9.1 Delivery and pickup zone" below).
If the customer has chosen the “in-store pickup” delivery method, he/she will have the option to authorize a third party to pick up the order in his/her name and on his/her behalf. By completing this section, the customer authorizes a third party thus identified to pick up the Product In-Store on his/her behalf and expressly authorizes GIVENCHY to hand over the Products of the order to said third party. GIVENCHY will verify that the third party who appears in-store to pick up the Product corresponds to the person designated by the customer and will require, for this purpose, the third party to present an official identification document (identity card or passport). GIVENCHY may refuse to hand over the Product to a third party who does not prove his/her identity or to a third party other than the one designated by the customer when placing the order on the Website.
Upon confirmation of the delivery method, the customer may, for a gift order, include an accompanying card.
Once this step is completed, the customer must then click “Continue.”
5.3.b) Confirmation of the payment method and payment of the order
The customer may use his/her shipping address as the billing address or enter a different address. The customer will then be asked to select a payment method and to enter the related information and must then verify the accuracy of his/her selection before confirming the order.
Pursuant to the provisions of article 1127-1 of the French Civil Code, the customer, before finalizing his/her order, must have the option of verifying the details of such order, its total price and to correct any errors before confirming the order to express his/her acceptance of it.
At the end of the ordering process described above and after accepting the Terms of Sale, General Terms and Conditions of Use, the Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy, and the Cookies Policy in their entirety, the customer must click the “Confirm your purchase” button. Any order entails an obligation to pay.
For more information regarding payment terms (currency, accepted payment methods, etc.), please refer to article 7 "Prices – Accepted payment methods” below.
Once completed, the order is sent to GIVENCHY for processing.
GIVENCHY reserves the right not to accept an order from a customer with whom it is in dispute over a previous order, or if GIVENCHY reasonably believes that the customer has breached these Terms of Sale or has engaged in a fraudulent activity, or for any other legitimate reason.
GIVENCHY will not confirm the order if it is not possible to obtain full payment for the corresponding price.
5.3.c) Acknowledgment of receipt and Confirmation of the order
A summary of the order acknowledging receipt of the order will then be sent by e-mail to the customer.
Once payment has been confirmed and duly completed, an order confirmation will then be sent to the customer by e-mail indicating the total amount of the order, information related to delivery times and costs, key features, and the quantity and price of the Products purchased.
The customer is advised to keep the acknowledgment of receipt and e-mail confirmation of the order on paper or electronically.
Pursuant to article L. 213-1 of the French Consumer Code, when an order amount is equal to or greater than one hundred and twenty (120) Euros, GIVENCHY retains an electronic written record of the contract concluded between GIVENCHY and a customer for a period between the conclusion of the contract and the date of delivery of the goods, and for a period of ten (10) years from the date of delivery (in accordance with decree 2016-884 of June 29, 2016 and ordinance 2016-301 of March 14, 2016). The customer has access to this document at any time, upon a request made to Customer Service by telephone at 00 800 0000 1952 (toll-free number for any call made from France), from Monday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. except holidays, or via e-mail by clicking the “Customer Service” link and providing a form of identity.
6. Ordering process through the Stores
6.1. Selection of Products
The customer may communicate the Products he/she wishes to order to the Store.
The Store will send, via text message, e-mail or instant message, a summary of the order containing the following information: the list of the Product(s), their color(s) and reference(s), the quantity selected, their unit price(s) and the subtotal of the selection. The customer may, by contacting the Store, modify his/her order made up of the selected Products, delete an initially selected Product, modify the quantity ordered or even add a Product.
The summary will also include the shipping costs to be charged to the customer. For delivery outside the European Union, customs fees and other potential costs related to importation into the country of destination may be added to the total price provided to the customer by the Stores, which will be borne by the customer. It should be noted that the customer is solely responsible for the costs and taxes relating to the importation of the Products into the country of destination.
6.2. Confirmation of the order
The customer will then receive a payment link by text message, e-mail or instant message inviting them to confirm his/her order, select a payment method and proceed to payment for the order.
After completion of the ordering process described above, and after having accepted all the Terms of Sale provided in the payment link, the customer must proceed to payment. Any order entails an obligation to pay.
For more information regarding payment terms (currency, accepted payment methods, etc.), please refer to Article 7. “Prices – Accepted payment methods” below.
GIVENCHY reserves the right to not accept an order from a customer with whom it is in dispute over a previous order, or if GIVENCHY reasonably believes that the customer has breached these Terms of Sale or has engaged in a fraudulent activity, or for any other legitimate reason.
6.3 Acknowledgment of receipt and Confirmation of the order
Once the payment has been confirmed and duly completed, an order confirmation will then be sent to the customer by e-mail, text message or instant message containing information related to delivery of the Products.
The customer is advised to keep the acknowledgment of receipt of the order.
7. Prices - Accepted payment methods
7.1 Prices
The prices of Products are stated in Euros and include all taxes. GIVENCHY does not offer a VAT refund service for purchases that might be eligible for a tax refund.
Prices do not include shipping costs which are charged in addition to the price of the Products purchased. All orders are payable in Euros.
7.1.a) For orders placed through the Website or Customer Service
Shipping costs will be shown before the order is confirmed by the customer. The various delivery options are set out in Article 9.2 a) and are also repeated on the Website. They may be modified by GIVENCHY at any time. GIVENCHY therefore advises customers to check the Terms of Sale featured on the Website on a regular basis.
In the case of an order placed through the Website or Customer Service, it must be paid (i) immediately upon placing the order if an alternative payment method (PayPal) is being used, or (ii) once the order preparation is finalized if a credit card or Apple Pay is being used. In the event of unavailability of certain Products ordered, the regulations described in Article 4 “Product Information and Availability” will apply. It should be noted that in the event that an alternative payment method is used, or in the event of a total or partial cancellation of the order, Customer Service may provide a refund in accordance with the conditions of Article 4.
7.1 b) For orders placed through the Stores
Shipping costs will be stated to the customer before the order is confirmed. The various delivery options are set out in article 9.2 b) and will be communicated to the customer by the Stores.
In the case of an order placed through the Stores, it must be paid immediately upon placing the order using the link sent to the customer by the Store.
GIVENCHY reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to change the prices of the Products offered on the Website and/or stated by the Stores. Products are charged on the basis of the prices displayed on the Website or communicated by the Stores at the time of placing the order, subject to the availability of the Products ordered at that time.
7.2. Accepted payment methods
GIVENCHY accepts the following payment methods for purchases (i) on the Website or for orders placed by telephone through Customer Service: credit card (Visa®, MasterCard®, American Express®), Apple Pay or alternative payment method (PayPal) and (ii) for orders placed by telephone through the Stores: Visa, MasterCard, AMEX, Cup, Wechat Pay and AliPay.
- For telephone orders placed through Customer Service: the customer must confirm with Customer Service that he/she is the holder of the card that he/she is using, provide the card number and expiration date present on the front of their card, as well as the 3-digit security code present on his/her bank card. Additionally, GIVENCHY also offers the Pay by Link payment method to its customers.
- For telephone orders placed through the Stores: the customer must guarantee that he/she is the holder of the card used for payment via the payment link. The information pertaining to the order is subject to automated data processing, for which ADYEN is responsible. The purpose of this automated data processing is to determine a transaction's analysis level and to combat credit card fraud. ADYEN and GIVENCHY are the recipients of the data relating to the customer's order. The non-transmission of the data relating to the order prevents the completion and analysis of the transaction. In the event of an outstanding debt due to the fraudulent use of a bank card, the contact information in relation to the order associated with this unpaid amount shall be recorded in a payment incident file implemented by ADYEN. An irregular declaration or an anomaly may also be subject to specific processing.
In accordance with regulations on personal data protection (French Law “IInformatique et Libertés” n° 78-17 of January 6, 1978 amended by Law n° 2004-801 of August 6, 2004, the European General Data Protection Regulation of April 27, 2016, and French implementation law n°2018-493 of June 20, 2018 on the protection of personal data), the customer has the right to access, rectify, and oppose all his/her personal data at any time by writing, via mail and with proof of identity, to GIVENCHY - Customer Service - 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France.
- For orders placed through the Website: the customer must guarantee he/she is the cardholder of the bank card used for payment. Credit card payments are authenticated and secured using the 3D Secure system. This system is also known as “Verified by Visa®,” ”MasterCard® SecureCode,” or “American Express SafeKey®.” The bank will request personal information from the customer in order to verify the identity of the cardholder and validate the transaction.
How to pay with 3D Secure on givenchy.com
After validating his/her bank details (card number, expiration date, and security code), a new page will be displayed where the customer will need to enter the personal information requested by his/her bank. This information may be:
- the answer to a security question;
- a password previously selected by the customer;
- a code sent via text message;
- the customer’s date of birth, etc.
Once the 3D Secure code is entered and validated by the customer's bank, the order is finalized and the customer receives a message acknowledging receipt of his/her order. As authentication is specific to each bank, the customer is welcome to contact his/her bank directly regarding any questions on the subject.
Confirmation and shipment of the order will only take place after verification of the payment method and receipt of the authorization to debit the customer's card. The customer's account will be debited depending on the payment method used. In any event, if for any reason the debiting of amount owed by the customer proves to be impossible, the sale carried out through the Website or by telephone will be immediately withdrawn and the processing of the purchase canceled. The provisions of article 1341 of the French Civil Code are unenforceable for sales concluded remotely by GIVENCHY.
The information pertaining to the order is subject to automated data processing, for which FORTER is responsible. The purpose of this automated data processing is to determine a transaction's analysis level and to combat credit card fraud. FORTER and GIVENCHY are the recipients of the data relating to the customer's order. The non-transmission of the data relating to the order prevents the completion and analysis of the transaction. In the event of an outstanding debt due to the fraudulent use of a bank card, the contact information in relation to the order associated with this unpaid amount shall be recorded in a payment incident file implemented by FORTER. An irregular declaration or an anomaly may also be subject to specific processing. You can learn about the ways in which FORTER may use and process your personal information at this address: https://www.forter.com/services-privacy-policy/
In accordance with regulations on personal data protection (French Law “Informatique et Libertés” n° 78-17 of January 6, 1978 amended by Law n° 2004-801 of August 6, 2004, the European General Data Protection Regulation of April 27, 2016, and French implementation law n°2018-493 of June 20, 2018 on the protection of personal data), the customer has the right to access, rectify, and oppose all his/her personal data at any time by writing, via mail and with proof of identity, to GIVENCHY - Customer Service - 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France.
8. Reservation of ownership
The Products ordered remain the full and whole property of GIVENCHY until complete payment of the amount to GIVENCHY in principal, with fees, taxes and compulsory contributions included.
However, the customer assumes the risks (including loss, theft, or deterioration) associated with the Products delivered from the moment they are delivered to the address indicated at the time of the order.
9. Terms of delivery
All Products ordered by the customer in accordance with these Terms of Sale will be delivered to the address indicated by the customer as the shipping address for the order in question.
Information concerning shipping methods may also be obtained from the basket confirmation page, as well as from the order summary page, prior to payment. Depending on the selected delivery method, shipping charges shall be added to the total price of the order and will be specified to the customer prior to validation of their order.
9.1. Delivery and pickup zone
The Products purchased on the Website or by telephone through Customer Service can only be delivered to for delivery in Germany.
The Products purchased by telephone through the Stores may be delivered to mainland Germany, the European Union, and outside the European Union, excluding the following countries under sanctions or restrictions such as Russia, Syria, North Korea and Iran.
It is not possible to place an order for any shipping address located outside the Delivery Zone corresponding to the ordering method used. For security reasons, GIVENCHY will not process any order for which a post office, P.O. box, hotel, business address, university campus address or cedex address is provided.
Products are shipped to the shipping address indicated by the customer during the ordering process.
9.2. Delivery terms and shipping costs
9.2 a) For orders placed through the Website or Customer Service
Several shipping options are available to the customer:
- Delivery within 48 hours before 6 p.m.: Delivery is estimated to arrive within 48 hours from the time that the customer receives a shipping confirmation e-mail. Orders must be placed before 2 p.m. Orders placed after 2 p.m., on a weekend or on a holiday will be processed the following business day. Some orders may require an additional 24 hours to validate and process. All orders are shipped by UPS. UPS delivers between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. This service is provided free of charge by GIVENCHY.
- Delivery within 48 hours before 12 p.m.: Delivery is estimated to arrive within 48 hours from the time that the customer receives a shipping confirmation e-mail. Orders must be placed before 2 p.m. Orders placed after 2 p.m., on a weekend or on a holiday will be processed the following business day. Some orders may require an additional 24 hours to validate and process. Shipping is handled by UPS, to be delivered before 12 p.m. Delivery cost is ten (10) Euros.
- Saturday delivery: For orders placed on Friday before 1 p.m. Saturday delivery of any order placed through the Website, by telephone through Customer Service, or through the Stores. Delivery cost is twenty (20) Euros.
- Premium delivery service: Same-day home delivery, even for orders placed before 3 p.m. Shipping is handled by [Coursier.fr](http://coursier.fr/). Delivery cost is twenty (20) Euros.
9.2 b) For orders placed through the Stores
Several shipping options are available to the customer depending on the order total:
(i) For delivery of an order with a total less than five thousand (5,000) Euros: delivery will be provided at the customer's expense via DHL. The salesperson will communicate the total amount of the delivery cost to the customer by telephone; and
(ii) For delivery of an order with a total greater than five thousand (5,000) Euros, the salesperson will recommend a specific transport solution and provide the corresponding total cost to the customer
In all cases, for a delivery to a location outside the European Union (hereinafter “Export Sales”): the delivery and any customs charges or other charges associated with the importation of the Products into the country of destination will be added to the price provided to the customer by the Stores and will be borne by the customer. It should be noted that the customer is solely responsible for these costs and taxes.
For a delivery via DHL, the salesperson will provide the customer with the tracking number so that they may track the delivery, and will provide DHL with the customer's telephone number and e-mail address so that DHL may contact the customer.
Deliveries will require an adult signature unless an exceptional provision has been implemented by couriers where the health situation so requires. If nobody is available to sign for the package, the courier will leave a delivery attempt notice and a contact number. The courier will attempt to deliver the package the following business day. After three (3) consecutive delivery attempts, the package will be returned to the GIVENCHY Store and the order will be canceled and refunded.
9.3. Delivery and pickup times
The order will be delivered, by express delivery, within an indicative time frame depending on the shipping option selected by customer.
Delivery time frames will begin from the shipment of the order by our Customer Service or by the Stores, materialized by the order shipment notice sent by e-mail to the customer.
In accordance with the French Consumer Code, delivery of the Products ordered will take place within the delivery times communicated by GIVENCHY, and in the absence of any indication otherwise, at the latest within thirty (30) days from the order, subject to the full payment of the price.
GIVENCHY also offers the customer the option of purchasing a preview of selected products from its future collections. In this case, a special delivery time frame will be provided to the customer when placing the order. It should be noted that this time frame may be longer than thirty (30) days from the order.
At the beginning of the ordering process, GIVENCHY specifies the delivery options available for the Products purchased, their time frame, as well as the delivery costs.
If the customer notices an anomaly on the package (damaged, opened, traces of liquid, etc.) he/she must, if possible, (i) refuse the package, or, if this is not possible, (ii) he/she must accept the delivery, not open the package, and, must imperatively keep the disputed package.
The customer must contact GIVENCHY as soon as possible, at the latest within seven (7) working days from the delivery, either by e-mail at contact@givenchy.com, by telephone at 00 800 0000 1952 (toll-free number for any call made from France) from France, or by calling the telephone number of the Store.
GIVENCHY will then carry out all the necessary inspections and may, depending on the case and the customer’s choice, and subject to the return of the entire disputed package by the customer, take one of the following actions:
- Resend the order;
- Cancel and refund the order. The refund will be made to the bank card used for payment, as soon as possible within no later than fourteen (14) days after the date on which the buyer has exercised their right to seek the cancellation of the order.
10. Sending of receipt by mail
The customer has a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the Product's delivery to request the sending of a receipt via postal service by contacting Customer Service by telephone at 00 800 0000 1952 (toll-free number for any call made from France), Monday to Saturday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. except holidays, or via e-mail by clicking the “Contact” link in the Customer Service section and providing proof of identity, or by contacting the Stores at the contact information listed in the article 2, during opening hours and providing proof of identity.
11. Right of withdrawal – returns, exchanges, refunds
11.1. Right and period of withdrawal
The customer is entitled to a legal right of withdrawal that he/she may exercise under the conditions provided for by articles L. 221-18 and L. 221-20 of the French Consumer Code, if they meet the conditions set forth by these provisions, without needing to justify his/her reasons or pay penalties. Concerned with ensuring the satisfaction of its buyers and order recipients, GIVENCHY allows its customers to withdraw within thirty (30) days from the date of delivery of the Products, without needing to justify their reasons or pay penalties. After this period, the customer will no longer be able to exercise his/her right of withdrawal. If the order in question was for several ordered Products and if the Products were delivered separately, this period will start from the time the customer took possession of the last delivered Product.
11.2. Procedures for exercising the right of withdrawal
GIVENCHY offers its customers the option to fill out and submit his/her withdrawal statement online by logging in to their customer account or by contacting Customer Service or the Stores. The customer will then receive immediate confirmation of his/her withdrawal by e-mail.
The customer may also, before the expiration of the aforementioned thirty (30)-day withdrawal period, use the withdrawal form located at the bottom of these Terms of Sale, or send any other clearly-worded statement expressing his/her desire to withdraw to the following address for an order placed through the Website or the Customer Service Department, or to the addresses of the Stores in the event of an order placed through the Stores:
GIVENCHY - Customer Service - 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France
In accordance with Article L. 221-28 of the French Consumer Code, the right of withdrawal may not be exercised, in particular, for orders relating to the supply of goods which have been unsealed by the consumer and that cannot be returned for hygiene and health protection reasons.
11.3. Consequence of the right of withdrawal
Within the framework of a return or in the event of nonconformity of the Product, the customer may return the purchased Product(s) and request a refund under the conditions described in below article 12 ”Terms of returns and refunds”.
12. Terms of returns and refunds
For orders placed through the Website or through Customer Service for delivery to Germany, the customer may, to return the received Products, and according to his/her choice, benefit from a Product collection service at the location of his/her choice (in Germany) or return them to the Store at his/her own expense.
For orders placed through the Stores for delivery in Germany and the European Union or for an Export Sale, the customer may return the received Products by sending them at his/her own expense and risks to the address of the Store specified in Article 2 (iii) above. The costs related to returning the Products will be borne by the customer.
In all cases, the customer must return the delivered Products in their original packaging; they must be complete (with boxes, accessories, covers, booklets, etc.) and accompanied by the return note and/or return number. Products returned incomplete, damaged, deteriorated, soiled or in any other condition that would reasonably lead to the conclusion that they have been used or worn will not be refunded or exchanged and will be returned to the customer at his own cost. To do so, Customer Service will contact the customer to inform him of the non-conformity of the returned or exchanged Products and organize the return at his own expense.
In the event of failure of the return despite GIVENCHY's best efforts to contact the customer by all the means at its disposal and in absence of any manifestation on the part of the latter within 18 months, GIVENCHY reserves the right to right seize the competent courts, in accordance with the provisions of the law of December 31st, 1903 related to the sale of certain abandoned products, to authorize the public auction of the Products.
It is stipulated that for orders delivered to third parties who are recipients of gifts ordered by a customer, via the Website or telephone through Customer Service, only the customer who bought the gift may request the refund within the framework of the right of withdrawal (to the extent that only the bank account of the person who ordered the product may be re-credited).
12.1. Collection service
a) Free return procedure for orders placed through the Website
The customer may contact Customer Service (159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France, by calling 00 800 0000 1952, toll-free number from Germany) to allow for the return of the Product(s) within fourteen (14) days from notification of the exercise of the right of withdrawal, in order to arrange an appointment (date and time slot) for the collection of the said Product(s) by GIVENCHY. In the case of an order placed through the Website, the customer also has the option of dropping off his/her parcel at a UPS Access Point: www.UPS.com
b) Refunds
If the Products can be subject to the legal right of withdrawal, the buyer, exercising their right of withdrawal under the conditions stipulated in article 11.1 in terms of the time frame and terms of returning the Products, may obtain a refund for the Products returned, as well as for the cost of standard delivery. In the case that the customer has selected a delivery method that costs more than those offered by GIVENCHY, the additional charges will be borne by the customer.
The returned Product(s) will be examined in advance by the GIVENCHY quality department. The customer will be notified of the refund, or the reasons for non-refund, and the terms of returning the Product(s) by Customer Service within fourteen (14) days from the date on which it is informed of the customer's decision to withdraw; this reimbursement may be deferred up to fourteen (14) days after receipt of the Products by GIVENCHY. The refund of the amounts paid for the returned Products will be made, depending on the method through which the Products were paid for, by credit to the bank account corresponding to the bank card used for payment.
Please note, however, that your bank may have specific processing times when it comes to carrying out a refund on your card, depending on processing times. This varies among card issuers, and we are not able to accelerate this process, which is beyond our control.
It is stipulated that these terms apply only to Products purchased through the Website, through Customer Service, or by telephone through our Stores listed above.
12.2. Returns in an eligible GIVENCHY store
In-Store returns are available at certain GIVENCHY stores only. The list of eligible stores can be found in the Returns FAQ section. No refunds or exchanges will be made in-Store. The returned Product(s) will be examined in advance by the GIVENCHY quality department and the customer will be notified of the refund, or the reasons for non-refund, by e-mail or through Customer Service within fourteen (14) days from the date on which it is informed of the customer's decision of to withdraw; this reimbursement may be deferred up to fourteen (14) days after receipt of the Products by GIVENCHY. The refund of the amounts paid for the returned Products will be made, depending on the method through which the Products were paid for, by credit to the bank account corresponding to the bank card used for payment.
12.3. Exchange via Website
In addition to the customer's right to withdraw and return Products in accordance with Articles 11 and 12 hereof, the customer may also change his mind and exchange a Product within thirty (30) days, under the conditions applicable to section 12. In the event that a product is defective, please refer to article 13 hereof.
In the event of an exchange request, the customer may exchange the Product(s) via the Website. For this, the customer must specify in the appropriate section of the Website which Product(s) he wishes to receive in exchange for his order within thirty (30) days from the designated date of receipt of said Product(s).
The number of exchanged Products must be identical to the number of Products returned and of the same reference and the same pricing. For example, the customer will not be able to exchange a bag for another type of bag, or a bag for a pair of shoes.
Personalized Products or made at the request of the customer, damaged Products as well as Products sealed (for example, swimsuits) but which have been unsealed after delivery cannot be returned and exchanged for reasons of hygiene or protection of health and will be returned when applicable to client under the same conditions as under article 12.
Without prejudice to the customer's rights provided for in Article 11, GIVENCHY reserves the right, within the framework of its exchange policy, to refuse an exchange beyond two (2) successive orders. The customer may not make two exchanges for the same order, in the event of wishing to exchange Product(s) which have already been the subject of an exchange, the customer may return the Product(s) by contacting the Customer service by phone and get reimbursed. The exchange of Product(s) is subject to the availability of said Product(s) on the Site. In the event that the Product(s) is/are unavailable, the customer will be reimbursed under the conditions provided for in Article 12.
The transport costs of the first delivery will be reimbursed (except for additional costs resulting from the client's choice to use another type of delivery than the standard delivery offered) but the transport costs of the second delivery will be invoiced according to the delivery method chosen. The new sale will be subject to the General Conditions of Sale in force at the time of the exchange.
13. Legal guarantees
The Products sold by GIVENCHY are subject to the legal warranty conditions provided for by Articles L217-4 et seq. of the French Consumer Code, and by Articles 1641 et seq. of the French Civil Code, to the exclusion of all other warranties:
- Legal guarantee of conformity:
GIVENCHY will deliver a product which conforms to the contract and is held liable for any lack of conformity which exists upon delivery, and the Product must be suitable for the purpose usually associated with such a product and have the features that were presented during the sale. GIVENCHY also holds itself liable for any lack of conformity caused by the packaging, the assembly instructions, or the installation, if responsible for the latter, or had it been carried out under its responsibility. This guarantee will only apply on the condition that the customer makes a claim within two (2) years of delivery of the Product. The customer is exempt from providing proof of the existence of the lack of conformity of the goods during the twenty-four (24) months following delivery of the Product.
The customer may opt to have the Product repaired or replaced, unless one of these options results in a clearly disproportionate cost for GIVENCHY. If repair or replacement of the Product is impossible, the customer may receive a refund of the price paid and return the Product, or keep the Product and have a part of the price refunded, unless the lack of conformity is minor. The return, replacement or reimbursement of the Product will occur at no cost to the customer and do not preclude the possible award of damages in the event that the customer may be entitled to it.
- Legal guarantee against hidden defects:
GIVENCHY will deliver a Product free of hidden defects that render them unfit for their intended use, or that impair their use in such a way that the buyer would not have bought them or would have paid a lower price for them if they had known of the defects. This guarantee will only apply on the condition that the customer makes a claim within two (2) years from the discovery of the defect.
In the case of a hidden defect, the customer has the choice either to return the Product and receive a refund of the price and costs incurred by the sale, or to keep the Product and have a part of the price refunded. In all cases, it will be up to the customer to prove that he/she fulfill the conditions of the guarantee.
In the case of a lack of conformity or hidden defects, the customer must contact Customer Service at 00 800 0000 1952 (toll-free number for any call made from Germany) so that it may arrange a return for the Product(s) in question.
Summary of Articles L. 217-4, L. 217-5, and L. 217-12 of the French Consumer Code and Articles 1641 and 1648, first paragraph, of the French Civil Code:
Article L.217-4 of the French Consumer Code: “The Seller is required to deliver a product which conforms to the contract and is held liable for any lack of conformity which exists upon delivery. The Seller is also held liable for any lack of conformity caused by the packaging or the assembly instructions, or the installation if they were responsible for the latter, or had it carried out under their responsibility.”
Article L.217-5 of the French Consumer Code:
“To conform to the contract, the product must:
1° Be suitable for the purpose usually associated with such a product and, if applicable:
- correspond to the description given by the Seller and have the features that the Seller presented to the buyer in the form of a sample or model;
- have the features that a buyer might reasonably expect it to have considering the public statements made by the Seller, the producer or their representative, including advertising and labeling;
2° Or have the features defined by mutual agreement between the parties or be suitable for any special requirement of the buyer which was made known to the Seller and which the latter agreed to.”
Article L.217-12 of the French Consumer Code: “Action resulting from lack of conformity lapses two years after delivery of the product.”
Article 1641 of the French Civil Code: “The Seller is bound to a guarantee against hidden defects in products sold that render them unfit for their intended use, or that so impair their use that the buyer would not have bought them, or would have paid a lower price for them if they had known of the defects.”
Article 1648 first paragraph of the French Civil Code: “An action resulting from redhibitory defects must be brought by the buyer within two years from the discovery of the defect.”
According to case law, compensation for the consequences of a hidden defect, once it has been proven, involves either:
- either repair of the item free of charge, including labour costs,
- replacement of the item or total or partial reimbursement of its price if the item is totally unusable,
- and compensation for any damage caused to persons or property by the defect in the article.
14. Information/claims
For any information, claim, or question relating to these Terms of Sale, the Products themselves or carrying out an order, the customer should contact GIVENCHY Customer Service 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France) by telephone: 00 800 0000 1952 (toll-free number for any call made from Germany, or through the Website via the form available in the Customer Service “Contact” section, providing their order number if necessary.
15. Electronic Files/Privacy
As part of the management and tracking of orders placed through Customer Service, the Stores or through the Website, GIVENCHY is required to gather and process personal data relating to its customers. This information, which is intended for the persons authorized by their function to possess it within GIVENCHY, and where applicable, by authorized third parties, is necessary for the processing and tracking of customers’ requests or orders, in order to better meet their expectations, as well as prevent any fraudulent use of their payment methods or identities.
Within the framework of the "In-Store pickup" service, and when the Product(s) ordered online by the customer is/are collected in-Store, the Stores will be required to verify the customer’s identification (ID card or passport) or that of the person the customer designates when placing an order on the Website to pick up their order. A copy of the form of identification may be made in-store in order to ensure the customer’s security and to prevent any fraudulent use of the customer’s payment method and/or their identity.
In accordance with the Regulations on Personal Data Protection (the aforementioned French Law “Informatique et Libertés”, the European General Data Protection Regulation of April 27, 2016 and any national law supplementing it), any person whose data is subject to processing has a right of opposition for legitimate reasons, a right of access, as well as a right to rectify, limit or delete information concerning them which is no longer relevant, a right to portability, a right of opposition at any time in the context of an opposition to the use of data for commercial purposes, as well as a right to communicate directives relating to the fate of their data after their death. These rights can be exercised according to the terms indicated in the confidentiality and Personal Data Protection Policy of this Website, accessible at following link: Personal Data Protection Policy.
16. Force Majeure
The performance by GIVENCHY of all or part of its obligations will be suspended upon the occurrence of an event of force majeure according to article 1218 of the French Civil Code which would impede or delay such performance.
GIVENCHY will inform the customer of the occurrence of any such fortuitous event or event of force majeure within seven (7) days. Should this suspension continue for more than fifteen (15) days, the customer would then have the option to terminate any outstanding orders, and a refund would then be paid no later than fourteen (14) days from said termination.
17. Liability
Under no circumstances can GIVENCHY be held liable for any damage which does not result from GIVENCHY's failure to comply with one of its obligations.
18. Language of the contract
For the convenience of customers, the Website and the Terms of Sale are available in four languages: French, English, Italian and Chinese. However, in the event of a contradiction between the French version and another language version, the French version shall prevail. Only the French version of the Terms of Sale is valid between the Parties.
19. Applicable Law – Disputes
These Terms of Sale are governed and interpreted in accordance with French law. In the event of a dispute related to the application and/or interpretation of these Terms of Sale, the customer has the option, before taking any legal action, to seek an amicable solution with GIVENCHY and to seek settlement with CMAP – Centre de Médiation et d’Arbitrage de Paris, the consumer mediator to which GIVENCHY reports. To submit a dispute to the mediator, the customer may (i) complete the form on the CMAP website: [www.cmap.fr](http://www.cmap.fr/) under the “you are: a consumer” tab (ii) send their request by regular or registered mail to CMAP Médiation Consommation, 39 avenue Franklin D. Roosevelt, 75008 PARIS, or (iii) send an e-mail to [consommation@cmap.fr](mailto:consommation@cmap.fr). Whatever the means used to submit a dispute to CMAP, the customer's request must contain the following elements to be processed promptly: his/her postal address, e-mail and telephone number, as well as the full name and address of GIVENCHY, a brief statement of the facts, and proof of the preliminary steps taken with GIVENCHY. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a dispute, and in accordance with Regulation No. 1215/2012 of December 12, 2012:
- The customer may either refer the case to the court where he/she is resident of or to the French courts,
- GIVENCHY may refer the case to the court where the customer is resident.
WITHDRAWAL FORM
(Please complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract).
- To the attention of GIVENCHY - Customer Service, 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France, or (mailto:contact@givenchy.com)
Withdrawal form
I/We [*] hereby notify you [*] of my/our [*] withdrawal from this contract for the sale of the good [*]/ for the provision of service [*]below
Goods ____________________ [reference] __________
Ordered on [*]/received on [*]: ______________
Name of consumer(s)
Address of consumer(s)
Signature of the consumer(s) (only in the case of notification of this form on paper)
Date ______________
[*] Cross out as appropriate.
