JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript, or you won't be able to use all of the features of the Online Store.
To receive newsletters and exclusive offers, customize your settings in MY PREFERENCES.
Summer Outfits
Select filter
Color: Patterned
Color: White
1 of 10
30 products out of 287
Get the latest news from the HUGO BOSS Online Store regarding new products, exclusive specials, lifestyle and fashion trends.
© 2025 HUGO BOSS All rights reserved.
Standard Shipping
Following credit card authorization and verification of information, you will receive your order within approximately five to seven business days (Monday through Friday, not including holidays).
HUGO BOSS offers free standard shipping on all orders over 99 USD. Previous purchases are not eligible for adjustments. If you choose to ship standard ground and are shipping to multiple addresses, you will receive free shipping on all shipping destinations.
You will be notified by email as soon as your order has been shipped.
To track the status of your order and shipment, please enter your email address and order number here
Polos
Discover more
Men's Polo Shirts
Up to 50% off Men's
Up to 60% off Women's
Color: Light Blue
Color: Dark Blue
Color: Light Green
One piece. Endless options. Versatile and made in pure-cotton piqué, this timeless staple is for any occasion, dressed up or down.
New interpretations of classic silhouettes or versatile designs, find the perfect pair of men's designer pants to suit your style
Shop all
1 of 17
30 products out of 499
MEN’S DESIGNER POLO SHIRTS: YOUR CLASSIC ACCESSORY FOR CASUAL LOOKS
Loaded with casual spirit and rooted firmly in the history of quintessentially English sports, men's designer polo shirts are an element that your wardrobe just can't be without. This classic design is the perfect middleman between smart and casual, and also has the unique ability to straddle the worlds of contemporary refinement and urban athleticism. Whether you're hitting an 18-hole course to perfect your swing by day or heading out for evening drinks with friends, you can dress men’s golf polo shirts up or down with ease.
MEN’S COTTON POLO SHIRTS FOR SUPREME BREATHABILITY AND COMFORT
If sporty is the name of the game, team breathable men’s cotton polo shirts with a smart pair of chinos or checked trousers to add an extra dash of comfort and flair to your leisurewear ensemble. Slim-fit zip-neck polos are also strong contenders for considered men’s casual wear and, when worn with a timeless pair of slim-fit jeans, this buttonless style creates a streamlined sports-casual look.
Need to smarten up but tired of the traditional collared shirt? A white men’s polo neck shirt with a button-down collar serves up a perfectly respectable business-casual alternative, especially when layered under characterful blazers with flat-front tailored trousers and polished formal lace-ups.
If you are looking for something to add a fresh and singular touch of style to your men’s casual wear, you can jazz up your looks with one of our cotton piqué designer polo shirts with the season’s exclusive leaf motif for a guaranteed style statement.
Alternatively, if you are feeling the chill but still want ease of wear, a long-sleeved polo shirt with ribbed cuffs, a tripped collar and contrasting trim, can make a cosy alternative to knitwear and lend extra character to layered fall/winter looks.
From essential single-tone cotton polo shirts to all-over stripes, feather-light summer polos to weightier winter designs, the HUGO and BOSS polo shirt collections have got your sporty and casual wardrobe covered. And with a vast array of traditional and contemporary hues to choose from, our men's designer polo shirts let you mix and match your separates with ease, effortlessly transitioning from day to night, business to leisure.
Whatever your tastes, whether you are a jeans or chinos man, or a trainers or brogues man, you are sure to find the ideal counterpart to your polo shirt in the HUGO and BOSS men’s collections. And, with a choice of either discreet or bold embroidered branding and appliqués, these polo shirts are the simplest way to convey sartorial style without over-doing the formality.
Trainers
Chinos
Shirts
Download the printable PDF version of the General Terms and Conditions .
All New Arrivals: Men's
Color: Light Brown
Color: Silver
1 of 9
30 products out of 257
Men's Summer Outfits
Color: Light Grey
Shop the look
1 of 15
30 products out of 439
All Categories
Color: Black
Color: Blue
1 of 140
30 products out of 4,182
Free returns
We are pleased to offer a 30 day return period for new, unworn, unwashed, unaltered merchandise in resalable condition with original tags attached from the HUGO BOSS online store. A prepaid shipping label is included with all orders to send back your return. If you cannot locate your prepaid label please click this link to print your own REQUEST RETURN LABEL . If you need additional assistance please reach out to service-us@hugoboss.com for additional assistance with your return.
Returns made within 30 days of the delivery date will be eligible for a full refund to the original form of payment.
Drop off your return package at either a UPS Drop Box, a UPS store, or at any other location that has regular UPS pick up visit ups.com for locations. Please note to use our prepaid UPS labels shipments must be sent from the United States.
Once your return is received and processed at the warehouse, an email notification will be sent to the email address on the order.
You may also return merchandise by selecting an alternative shipping carrier; however, HUGO BOSS will not be responsible for the costs associated with the return. We recommend selecting an insured and traceable shipping carrier. We are not responsible for import or shipping fees associated with returns sent from outside the United States. Ship the package to HUGO BOSS RETURNS, 200 Richards Run, Burlington, NJ 08016
If you would like to return items that were shipped in multiple packages or return multiple orders in the same return package, please indicate this clearly on the packing slip and include this in the package.
If you receive an incorrect item or if the merchandise is damaged or defective, please contact the HUGO BOSS Customer Service Center immediately by calling 1-800-HUGOBOSS or by emailing service-us@hugoboss.com.
Unfortunately, we cannot exchange, replace or credit altered merchandise.
Merchandise returns purchased from the HUGO BOSS Online Store with PayPal may only be returned to the online store via the free prepaid shipping label included with your original order.
Our HUGO BOSS stores are unable to process refunds for purchases made with PayPal back to your PayPal account and can only be processed for store credit or exchanged for the full amount of the item(s).
California Supply Chain Disclosure
Prior to the start of a business relationship every direct supplier is required to sign and acknowledge the HUGO BOSS Social Standards which include provisions on the prohibition of trafficking and slavery.
On a regular basis our direct suppliers are required to undergo compliance audits which include checks for compliance with the prohibition of trafficking and slavery. Audits are conducted by internal or external partners and scheduled together with the suppliers.
The HUGO BOSS General Terms and Conditions obligate suppliers to comply with the HUGO BOSS Social Standards and ensure compliance through their supply chain.
If suppliers violate our HUGO BOSS Social Standards we issue an action plan, requesting them to improve compliance with our standards. The supplier’s performance will be reviewed in a follow up audit. If a supplier fails to make progress against the plan, he may be subject to sanctions up to and including termination of the business relationship.
All our employees undergo annual Social Standards trainings. Our internal and external audit staff consists of experienced and well trained auditors.
Download the printable PDF version of the Imprint .
Second Quarter 2025 Results
Five strong reasons for an investment in HUGO BOSS:
Two strong brands
Growth strategy 'CLAIM 5'
Profitability improvements
Strong free cash flow generation
Strong commitment to sustainability
Upcoming events
Aug | 05
PUBLICATION OF THE SECOND QUARTER 2025 RESULTS
Aug | 06
Kepler Cheuvreux Roadshow
Aug | 07
Morgan Stanley Roadshow
Nov | 04
PUBLICATION OF THE THIRD QUARTER 2025 RESULTS
Information on the HUGO BOSS share at a glance.
Here, you can find answers to frequently asked questions on the company, its share and its dividend.
Our Investor Relations Team is happy to assist with any questions you may have.
HUGO BOSS AG Holy-Allee 3 72555 Metzingen Germany TEL +49 7123 94-0 FAX +49 7123 94-80259 CONTACT FORM Whistleblowing Channel
One polo. Many hues.
Summer sale
Get Moving in Fresh Summer Styles
T-shirts
Shop now
Activewear
Suits separates
Summer Styles
A century ago, HUGO BOSS began in Germany as a small factory and grew into a global fashion icon. Today, it offers two brands: BOSS and HUGO . BOSS is known for tailoring excellence, offering suits , smart casual wear , and refined accessories , such as men's watches and women's fragrances, blending timeless elegance with modern touches.
HUGO, launched in the 1990s, embraces self-expression with fashion-forward pieces, vibrant colors, and innovative cuts, appealing to a trend-conscious audience. Together, BOSS and HUGO balance tradition and innovation , ensuring quality craftsmanship . Discover timeless style and cutting-edge fashion with HUGO and BOSS.
YOUR SPORTSWEAR GUIDE
push your limits
Run, train, rest, repeat. Discover cutting-edge gymwear designed to keep you cool, comfortable, and distraction-free. From lifting weights to hitting the treadmill or the rowing machine, crush your fitness goals with our collection of moisture-wicking tracksuits, breathable T-shirts, and statement sneakers.
Shop THE looks
BOSS THE COURT
Embodying the BOSS spirit and attitude, we’ve teamed up with tennis stars Matteo Berrettini and Taylor Fritz to create fresh, performance-driven staples . Discover polo shirts, shorts, caps, and more, reimagined with the precision and confidence of champions.
Shop their looks
BOSS Sportswear’s precision-engineered materials are made with HEIQ Smart Temp technology that adapts to your body's needs, offering:
- Intelligent cooling
- Odor-resistance
- Rapid moisture control
Designed with UV protection and a durable construction , every piece helps you conquer any challenge—no matter the terrain or tempo.
Shop the looks
BOSS THE GREEN
Premium golfwear designed for optimal performance and styled with versatility to take you from the course to the city, seamlessly. Crafted from functional fabrics with t echnical details , our polos, sweaters, trousers, and outerwear combine refined textures with a sporty edge.
Suit up in BOSS
The No.1 Pick wears BOSS
All eyes were on Cooper Flagg as he became the No.1 Pick in the 2025 NBA Draft, dressed in BOSS. His rise has been nothing short of extraordinary, and now, as the newest BOSS Brand Ambassador, Cooper represents a new generation of icons rewriting what greatness looks like.
MAKE A SPLASH
From boardshorts to briefs, BOSS swimwear combines ultra-soft, four-way stretch fabrics with eye-catching designs. Quick-drying and effortlessly packable , they adapt to your on-the-go, active lifestyle. From pool lane to poolside bar, pair with a matching shirt for a versatile, stylish look.
shop the looks
for the modern equestrian
From expertly tailored padded jackets to stretch-infused riding pants, the BOSS Equestrian collection showcases signature craftsmanship. Made with a range of technical fabrics , these pieces offer comfort and durability , in and out of the saddle.
We believe in the power of sport to inspire game-changing moments. Every second on the field, the court, or the trail is an opportunity to redefine your potential. From dynamic workout clothes and gymwear, to stylish ski attire, tennis looks, and equestrian outfits, our BOSS Sports collections are designed to inspire confidence and deliver peak performance.
COOL DOWN
Loungewear
Underwear
Post workout style
MEET THE ATHLETES
shirts
Men's Shirts
Color: light pink
30 products out of 433
Men's Suit Separates
Color: Dark Grey
1 of 6
30 products out of 179
HUGO BOSS COMMUNITY
Log in / Register
Benefit now
Alterations Service
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE Members get one free standard alteration at participating retail stores.*
Personal Shopping
An Eventful Year
An Exclusive Glimpse at Our 2024 Member Events
Register now
DISCOVER THE WORLD OF HUGO BOSS
THE NEXT STEPS
Sign up for the HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE program.
Make sure you enable newsletter and personalized offers communications, so we can update you on what is new and share the world of BE YOUR OWN BOSS.
Come back to the page regularly to see which of our members' benefits are currently live.
Men's Clothing
Color: Light Beige
30 products out of 253
1 of 3
30 products out of 88
Best Sellers
Color: Beige
1 of 1
7 products out of 7
Sale for Men: All Styles
Up To 50% Off Men's
Up To 60% Off Women's
Color: Light Red
1 of 33
30 products out of 968
Color: Grey
1 of 53
30 products out of 1,576
30 products out of 169
1 of 50
30 products out of 1,493
Color: Khaki
1 of 4
30 products out of 107
Stretch-cotton slim-fit polo shirt with branding
Free Shipping over 99 USD
30 Days Free Return Policy
Download the app
The HUGO BOSS App
Discover the world of HUGO BOSS, including the latest collections, any place or time with our easy-to-use app. The new-look app gives you instant access to everything HUGO BOSS, from perfect looks for formal occasions to casual designs for downtime, and everything in between.
Features
AT YOUR SERVICE
Receive and return your items with ease, with free standard delivery , express delivery options and free returns on all purchases. Order online and arrange to have your items picked up in-store, with our ‘Click & Collect’ service.
Explore the latest collection
INTRODUCING SHIP TO STORE
Buy online and pick up or try on in your closest store.
Participating Boss stores
BOSS STORE SCOTTSDALE 7014 East Camelback Road Suite 1208 Scottsdale, AZ 85251
BOSS STORE PALO ALTO 155 Stanford Shopping Center 180 El Camino Real Suite #1001 Palo Alto,CA 94304
BOSS STORE CHERRY CREEK 3000 East 1st Avenue Suite 284 Denver, CO 80206
BOSS STORE CITY CENTER 1054 Palmer Aller NW Washington DC 20001
BOSS STORE AVENTURA MALL 19501 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 049 Aventura, FL 33180
BOSS STORE TOWN CENTER, BOCA RATON 6000 Glades Road Suite 1217 Boca Raton, FL 33431
BOSS Store Columbus Circle 10 Columbus Circle, Suite #106 New York NY 10019 +1 212 485 1900
HUGO Store New York 132 Greene Street New York NY 10012 +1 212 965 1300
BOSS Store Riverside 1 Riverside Square, Suite #190 Hackensack NJ 07601 +1 201 343 8880
BOSS Store Garden State Plaza One Garden State Plaza, Suite #1111 Paramus NJ 07652 +1 201 291 0591
BOSS Store The Shop at the Water Club One Renaissance Way Atlantic City NJ 08401 +1 609 317 7773
BOSS Store The Mall at Short Hills 1200 Morris Turnpike, Suite #A127 Short Hills NJ 07078 +1 973 379 7779
BOSS Store Walden Galleria 1 Walden Galleria, Suite #G109 Buffalo NY 14225 +1 716 684 5210
BOSS Store Somerset Collection 2800 West Big Beaver Road, Suite#R-244 Troy MI 48084 +1 248 643 1938
BOSS Store Westfield Old Orchard 4999 Old Orchard Center, Suite #N10 Skokie IL 60077 +1 847 329 7160
BOSS Store Oakbrook Center 630 Oakbrook Center, Suite #630 Oakbrook IL 60523 +1 630 571 147
BOSS Store Burlington Mall 75 Middlesex Turnpike, Suite #1313 Burlington MA 01803 +1 781 273 7315
BOSS Store The Shops at La Cantera 15900 La Cantera Parkway, Suite #2295 San Antonio TX 78256 +1 210 558 3188
BOSS Store The Galleria 5015 Westheimer Road, Suite #A2365 Houston TX 77056 +1 713 850 1053
BOSS Store Fashion Centre at Pentagon City 1100 S Hayes Street, Suite #N01D Arlington VA 22202 +1 703 418 0690
BOSS Store City Center 1054 Palmer Alley NW Washington D.C 20001 +1 202 408 9845
BOSS Store Westfield Valley Fair 2855 Stevens Creek Boulevard, Suite #1399 Santa Clara CA 95050 +1 408 984 0100
BOSS Store Westfield San Francisco Centre 845 Market Street, Suite #181 San Francisco CA 94103 +1 415 495 2082
BOSS Store City Creek Center 50 South Main Street, Suite #207 Salt Lake City UT 84101 +1 801 359 0951
BOSS Store The Forum Shops at Caesars 3500 Las Vegas Blvd South, Suite #K9 Las Vegas NV 89109 +1 702 696 9444
BOSS Store The Venetian Las Vegas 3355 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Suite #1001, Casino Level Las Vegas NV 89109 +1 702 836 0940
BOSS Store Westfield Galleria at Roseville 1151 Galleria Blvd., Suite #1067 Roseville CA 95678 +1 916 784 1002
HUGO Store Los Angeles 8625 Sunset Boulevard Los Angeles CA 90069 +1 310 360 6935
BOSS Store Beverly Center 8522 Beverly Boulevard, Suite #681 Los Angeles CA 90048 +1 310 657 0011
BOSS Store Rodeo Drive 414 North Rodeo Drive Beverly Hills CA 90210 +1 310 859 2888
BOSS Store Fashion Valley 7007 Friars Road, Suite #302 San Diego CA 92108 +1 619 574 7700
BOSS Store Hawaii 2124 Kalakaua Avenue Honolulu HI 96815 +1 808 923 7300
BOSS Store South Coast Plaza 3333 Bristol Street, Suite #1212 Costa Mesa CA 92626 +1 714 557 2361
BOSS Store Glendale Galleria 2218 Glendale Galleria Glendale CA 91210 +1 818 243 2477
BOSS Store Del Amo Fashion Center 21540 Hawthorne Boulevard, Suite #417A Torrance CA 90503 +1 310 371 0613
BOSS Store Ala Moana Center 1450 Ala Moana Boulevard, Suite #2450 Honolulu HI 96814 + 1 808 941 080
BOSS Store Fashion Valley 7007 Friars Road, Suite #337A San Diego CA 92108 +1 619 574 7700
HUGO Store South Coast Plaza 3333 Bristol Street, Suite #1845 Costa Mesa CA 92626 +1 714 557 2361
HUGO Store Aventura Mall 19575 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite #775 Aventura FL 33180 +1 305 792 5199
BOSS Store The Mall at Millenia 4200 Conroy Road, Suite #275 Orlando FL 32839 +1 407 345 8889
BOSS Store Village of Merrick Park 342 Avenue San Lorenzo, Suite #1060 Coral Gables FL 33146 +1 305 442 0011
BOSS Store Aventura Mall 19501 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite #049 Aventura FL 33180 +1 305 792 6099
BOSS Store Dadeland Mall 7535 Dadeland Mall, Suite #2390 Miami, FL 33156 See Map
BOSS Store The Gardens Mall 3101 PGA Blvd. , Suite #Q-229 Palm Beach Gardens FL 33410 +1 561 799 1826
HUGO Store Dadeland Mall 7469 Dadeland Mall, Suite #1900 Miami, FL 33156 See Map
BOSS STORE INTERNATIONAL PLAZA 2223 North Westshore Blvd. Suite 238 Tampa, FL 33607
BOSS STORE Phipps Plaza 3500 Peachtee Road, Suite B7 Atlanta, GA 30326
BOSS STORE NORTHBRIDGE 520 North Michigan Suite #116 Chicago, IL 60611
BOSS STORE WOODFIELD MALL 5 Woodfield Mall Suite L311 Schaumburg, IL 60173
BOSS STORE COPLEY PLACE 100 Huntington Avenue Suite A019
Boston, MA 02116
BOSS STORE MALL OF AMERICA 176 South Avenue Suite #S176 Bloomington, MN 55425
BOSS STORE CHERRY HILL MALL 2000 Route 38 Suite 1130 Cherry Hill, NJ 08002
BOSS STORE FASHION SHOW 3200 Las Vegas Boulevard South Suite 2175 Las Vegas, NV 89109
BOSS STORE ROOSEVELT FIELD 630 Old Country Road Suite #2064B Suite 2064B Garden City, NY 11530
BOSS STORE WALT WHITMAN SHOPS 160 Walt Whitman Road Suite 1007D Huntington Station, NY 11746
BOSS STORE MANHASSET 2110D Northern Boulevard Manhasset, NY 11030
BOSS STORE MEATPACKING 401 West 14th St New York, NY 10014
BOSS STORE SOHO 555 Broadway New York, NY 10012
BOSS STORE THE WESTCHESTER 125 Westchester Avenue, Suite 1320 White Plains, NY 10601
BOSS STORE KING OF PRUSSIA 160 North Gulph Road Suite 2935 King of Prussia, PA 19406
BOSS STORE NORTHPARK CENTER 8687 North Central Expressway Suite 1436 Dallas, TX 75225
BOSS STORE BELLEVUE 109 Bellevue Square Suite 190 Bellevue, WA 98004
BOSS Store Natick Collection 1245 Worcester Street Suite #4036 Natick, MA 01760
BOSS Store Westfield World Trade Center 185 Greenwich Street Suite #LL4025 New York, NY 10007
BOSS Store Stony Point Fashion Park 9200 Stony Point Parkway Suite #187 Richmond, VA 23235
BOSS Store University Town Center 140 University Town Center Drive Suite #261 Sarasota, FL 34243
BOSS Store Westfield Topanga 6600 Topanga Canyon Boulevard Suite #19 Canoga Park, CA 91303
BOSS Store 601 Tailor Shop 601 West 26th Street Suite #M281 New York, NY 10001
BOSS Store Brickell City Center 701 South Miami Avenue Suite #119A Miami, FL 33130
© parcelLab. All rights reserved.
Sale for Women: All Styles
1 of 13
30 products out of 365
Men's Suits
Create your own tailored look by mixing and matching pieces from our selection of smart suiting separates.
1 of 2
30 products out of 53
Office Suits for Men: Signature BOSS Menswear
Take business attire to the next level with BOSS. Designed for the modern man, our impeccably tailored men’s business suits take you from meeting to meeting with confidence and ease.
Renowned for our tailoring expertise, BOSS offers more than just an impeccable fit. Take a closer look inside our suit jackets and trousers. Every lining, seam and closure is crafted with care to ensure maximum flexibility, comfort and reliability.
BOSS fabrics are only selected once they have been rigorously tested, and suit interiors are engineered to stay completely flat and smooth. Key areas are identified and strengthened with special stitching while perfectly placed pleating ensures a comfortable fit, however long your office days are.
Start with our timeless styles and progress – a plain slim fit suit with a crisp, white Oxford shirt and polished shoe is the definition of smart. Tailoring in micro-patterned fabrics and three-piece work suits take your office look up a grade.
Stay true to classic styling and wear with a shirt, or take your wardrobe cues from casual wear and try a polo shirt under your blazer. Introducing pared-back pieces – a simple T-shirt and printed or colourful socks – to smart suiting strikes the perfect balance of personal style and professionalism. Browse the BOSS collection of office-ready T-shirts.
Keep cool as you navigate fast-paced meetings and warm temperatures with a linen or cotton-blend suit. Both fabrics are naturally breathable and offer a lighter feel during the summer months without compromising on presentation. When the temperature drops, work in reverse and switch to suits made from rich wool-based fabrics.
Read our online guides for more on our carefully sourced suiting fabrics and expert tailoring.
Designer Suits for Men: Unconventional Suiting by HUGO
Explore HUGO men’s business suits for fresh cuts to take on your 9-5. Offered in an array of checked wool-blends, our extra-slim fit suit blurs the traditional with modernity. On the commute, pair your suit with sportswear and statement accessories that shake up your style for an undeniable HUGO aesthetic.
If your workplace dress code allows, pair your suit with a pair of clean, fresh trainers for a tried-and-true alternative to more conventional suit-and-boot combinations.
Push the boundaries and embrace your individuality with the ultimate men’s business suits here at HUGO.
1 of 12
30 products out of 345
Men's Accessories
Color: Assorted-Pre-Pack
1 of 20
30 products out of 587
ACCESSORIES FOR MEN TO ROUND OFF ANY LOOK
From weddings to the office to exclusive after-dark events, men's accessories are the easiest way to add your own personality to an ensemble. If you're dressing for a wedding, classic and formal accessories are the order of the day with polished cufflinks, tie clips and lapel pins providing the hardware. Softer style touches can be introduced to men's suits with bow ties, pocket squares and classic men's ties in a variety of colours, textures and patterns. If there's a palette in play on the big day, our range of men's suit accessories contains every conceivable hue to ensure your look slots neatly into the color scheme.
Whatever the occasion, you can style up men's shirts with double cuffs the easy way: our collection of men's cufflinks offers up something for every taste. Keep things truly timeless with square or round cufflinks set with colored enamel cores, or play with modernity by introducing seasonal interpretations and experimental twists on the classic formal accessory.
Because most events require cash to hand, explore premium men's wallets to find a style that's right on the money. From a standard leather billfold to a modern card case with a gleaming money clip, there's something for everyone.
Choose to elevate the Monday-to-Friday routine with the introduction of premium accessories for work. A document case, sleek portfolio or an expertly crafted conference folder can add an air of decadence to long days at the desk. Struggling to find a special present? Our selection of writing instruments and notepads always offers up the perfect gift for hardworking professionals with a taste for the finer things in life.
WE LOVE FASHION, WE CHANGE FASHION.
As an international fashion and lifestyle company we have a definite responsibility. Our actions have a global impact in many areas — first and foremost, on the health of our planet.
Overconsumption and waste of resources, water scarcity, and pollution as well as CO2 emissions are major issues currently driving our industry. We want to make a difference: for us, sustainability means caring for a planet free of waste and pollution.
Our sustainability strategy reflects this commitment in five strategic pillars.
Our 5 key strategic pillars
INCREASE CIRCULARITY
DRIVE DIGITIZATION & DATA ANALYTICS
LEVERAGE NATURE POSITIVE MATERIALS
FIGHT MICROPLASTICS
PUSH ZERO EMISSIONS
OUR STRONG ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE CORE
Alongside our strategic focus, we are of course continuously working on a strong environmental, social and governance core in the areas PRODUCT, PEOPLE and PLANET .
PRODUCT – long-lasting products that meet high social and ecological standards
PEOPLE – social well-being along our entire value chain
PLANET – production processes that are environmentally friendly and conserve resources
This commitment is a significant part of our CLAIM 5 strategy, which sets the path to our goal of becoming one of the top 100 global brands and, also, of adding value, to society and to the planet. For more information, visit the respective pages on the sustainability section of our website.
PRODUCT – innovation meets responsibility
PEOPLE – responsibility for employees and for society, as a whole
PLANET – responsibility for the planet
Top News
CREATING VALUE FOR THE FUTURE
Sustainability is a path that we started on a long time ago, and a path we are consistently pursuing. With clearly defined sustainability goals, we are able to generate measurable added value as a company as well as for our environment. From establishing a circular economy within our company to enabling more responsible production processes in our supply chain, and empowering our employees as well as our engagement in our foundation, we are dedicated to a sustainable future through a range of measures and projects.
HUGO BOSS considers training and development to be an important contribution to ensuring future success. Therefore, the company attaches great importance to enabling its employees to keep their knowledge up to date continuously. We are also involved in various initiatives and projects, such as our Women's Café in Bangladesh , to promote education in our supply chain.
In order to promote diversity within the company, HUGO BOSS has established an internal Diversity Task Force in addition to the organizational anchoring of this important topic in the Global Employee Experience department. It consists of employees from various locations and functions and plays a central role in promoting DE&I at HUGO BOSS. Several working groups have been set up for this purpose in order to raise awareness of diversity and emphasize the importance of diversity throughout the company.
The careful use of natural resources such as water is an essential part of our environmental commitment. In addition to reduced consumption, it is also important to keep the resource as pure as possible where it is needed by means of professional chemical management .
Our comprehensive HUGO BOSS Sustainable Supply Chain Program (SSC) covers both our Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers. In addition, HUGO BOSS is committed to improving working conditions in the supply chain through initiatives such as the Partnership for Sustainable Textiles.
It is our aim to promote equal opportunities . Therefore, we offer at our production site in Izmir a project for women which is called 'Open Door'. We also contribute to reducing inequalities through our education projects and engagement for our employees .
We are working to reduce the impact of our products on our planet . Valuable resources should be kept in the loop for as long as possible. That is why we have developed a circularity strategy . By 2030, 80% of our apparel products, measured by production volume, will be circular .
We want to improve the environmental footprint of our company's own sites, production facilities and shops, and the entire supply chain . Our goal is to achieve net zero emissions by 2050. On the way there, we aim to reduce emissions in the entire value chain (Scope 1-3) by at least 50% by 2030 in comparison to 2019.
Our goal is to preserve biodiversity in our oceans and waters. A major contribution to this can be made by reducing synthetic fibers : the fewer synthetic fibers, the less microplastics in the oceans. Coral Gardeners, our foundation's strategic project partner, also makes an important contribution here. This organization focuses on coral reef restoration and reviving reef ecosystems with heat-resilient corals, which are adapted to surviving rising ocean temperatures.
Preserving biodiversity and protecting the climate are particularly important to us at HUGO BOSS. For example, by u sing more sustainable materials and processing them with less impact on the ennvironment , we want to protect valuable ecosystems and reduce the loss of biodiversity on land. Our focus here is currently on the use of materials from regenerative agriculture.
Close collaboration with partners is a prerequisite for HUGO BOSS to meet its sustainability goals . That is why we are active in a number of initiatives and associations, such as the Partnership for Sustainable Textiles and the Leather Working Group.
Newsroom
Welcome to the newsroom. Here you will find the latest news on the HUGO BOSS Group and our two brands BOSS and HUGO, as well as media resources. If you are a journalist and need more information? We would be happy to help.
Browse all press releases, information about the Group, fact sheets and statements.
Discover the latest stories.
Download images.
In addition to the contact details for corporate and brand-related news, you can also find contact details for our international press offices here.
BECKHAM x BOSS
Color: Pink
Shop Beckham x BOSS inspired styles, including sleek suiting, shirts, trousers, and more
Go behind the scenes with David to get a first-hand look at the creative design process behind his debut collection
30 products out of 39
WE ARE HUGO BOSS
WHAT WE DO
WHAT'S WAITING FOR YOU AT ​​​​​HUGO BOSS
WHAT DRIVES US EVERYDAY
JOIN OUR TALENT COMMUNITY!
A GLIMPSE INTO LIFE AT HUGO BOSS
Customer Service
Contact
If our help pages do not contain the answers to your questions, please e-mail us at anytime service-us@hugoboss.com and we will respond to you momentarily or call us at 1-800-HUGOBOSS (1-800-484-6267) 24 hours, 7 days a week.
If you would like to provide us with more detailed information regarding your inquiry, please fill out the contact form below.
Log in to HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE
Login and enjoy member-only benefits and promotions with HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE.
Please complete all fields marked with an *.
HUGO BOSS - Premium Fashion
About this app
Data safety
Ratings and reviews
What’s new
App support
Similar apps
Play Pass
Play Points
Gift cards
Redeem
Refund policy
Parent Guide
Family sharing
Terms of Service
Privacy
About Google Play
Developers
Google Store
At your Service
Online Services
Frequently Asked Questions
Find out more
Store Finder
Hugo Boss USA Privacy Policy
We may provide different or additional privacy notices in connection with certain activities, programs, and offerings (for example, if you submit a job application). Additionally, we may provide just-in-time notices or notices at collection that may supplement or clarify our privacy practices or provide you with additional choices regarding your personal information.
Please note that our privacy practices are subject to the applicable laws of the regions in which we operate. Accordingly, some additional region-specific terms will only apply to individuals in those locations, or as required by applicable laws. Fr more information about how users with disabilities can access this privacy policy in alternative format or If you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of this page or need assistance in using any functionality or content on the site, our Customer Service center will be happy to assist you 24 hours, 7 days a week at 1-800-HUGOBOSS (1-800-484-6267) or by email at service-us@hugoboss.com.
BY USING OR ACCESSING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR POLICIES OR PRACTICES, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SITES OR PROVIDE US WITH ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Summary of Key Policy Provisions
Collection
We collect Personal Information about you that you provide to us while you are using our Sites or other Channels.
Protection
We employ appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards that are designed to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and designed to ensure correct use of Personal Information.
Use By Us
We use Personal Information to provide you with services, to build features that will make the services available on our Sites or Other Channels easier to use; to contact you about these services, to send advertisements, marketing material or other offers that we think might be of interest to you; to perform data analytics; or for other purposes permitted by law.
Marketing
You have control on how we use Personal Information for marketing, including exercising your right to opt-out of further marketing communications.
Sharing
We share your Personal Information with our affiliates, external service providers, third party vendors, agents, and/or other, unaffiliated third parties for marketing; collection and analysis, including for fraud prevention or other lawful services; and/or as may be necessary to perform transactions with you and manage our business.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Our Sites and Other Channels are operated solely for the United States (“U.S.”) market and are not designed for sales of products to individuals located in foreign jurisdictions. If you are located outside the U.S. and use our Sites, you are advised that your Personal Information will be automatically transferred to the U.S. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you assume all risks relating to any such cross-border data transfer.
Children
Persons under the age of 16 are not eligible to use any services on our Sites.
Changes
We will prominently post any material changes to our Privacy Policy. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective after posting.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments, please contact customerservice-us@hugoboss.com . You may also contact us directly at Hugo Boss Fashions, Inc., Attn.: Privacy Office, 55 Water Street, 48th Floor, New York, NY 10041
What information does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that we collect through the following channels (each, a “ Channel ”) in the United States:
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date that this Privacy Policy is posted. Any links that we provide to third-party websites or services are provided for your convenience and information. We do not own, operate or control such third party properties and this Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated sites or services. If you visit any linked third party sites or services, please review any applicable privacy policies. We are not responsible for the content of unaffiliated sites, any use of such sites or services, or the privacy practices of any third parties.
Disclaimer of Liability for Any Transfer of Personal Information from Other Jurisdictions to the United States
Hugo Boss USA is headquartered in the U.S. and our Sites and Other Channels are operated solely for the U.S. market and are not designed for sales to individuals located in foreign jurisdictions. If you submit personal information to us, that information may be processed in a jurisdiction where privacy laws may be less stringent than those in your country of residence. By submitting your personal information to us, you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of such information in foreign jurisdictions, including, but not limited to, the U.S. If you decide to use our Sites or Other Channels, your Personal Information will be automatically transferred to the U.S., and will be processed according to the terms described in this Privacy Policy. Be advised that we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities in the U.S., including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim all liability, and you assume all such risk, hold us harmless, and irrevocably waive any claim you may have against us relating to, any cross-border transfer or your Personal Information.
What types of Personal Information do we collect?
The Personal Information collected by Hugo Boss USA may include, for example, your:
If you can’t or choose not to provide us with the Personal Information we reasonably require, we may be unable to provide you with the information or services you have requested.
How do we collect Personal Information?
Information Submitted by You . We collect Personal Information from you when you:
Text Messages. You may elect to receive text messages from us when you visit our Sites, use our services, or visit us in person (such as at a store location). When you sign up to receive text messages, we will send you information about promotional offers and more. These messages may use information automatically collected based on your actions while on our sites and may prompt messaging such as cart abandon messages. To the extent you voluntarily opt to have Text notifications sent directly to your mobile phone, we receive and store the information you provide, including your telephone number or when you read a text message. You may opt out of receiving text messages at any time by texting “STOP” to our text messages. For more information about text messages, see our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collected Through Technology . We also obtain information in other ways through technology. Some of this information may be linked to you personally. This information helps our Sites function correctly and supports the work we do to understand the needs of our customers. Device and activity data may be automatically collected via our Sites, as described below.
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services, and we encourage you to contact your device manufacturer for detailed instructions on how to do that.
Cookies allow us and our service providers to automatically collect information regarding general user-traffic patterns, and your interactions with our Sites, including managed social media presences, and other unaffiliated sites and mobile applications. In using such technology, we thus collect such automatically transmitted data as the page served, time, source of the request, type of browser making the request, preceding page view, dynamic IP addresses and other such information to understand how our advertising campaigns are performing or how to improve and tailor advertising and the Sites experience for you. Unless you have registered for one of our products or services, the information we gather through the use of tracking technologies cannot be matched with any personally identifiable information about you. Please see below for a description of how our Sites may be impacted by cookie settings on your devices.
Payment Information. If you purchase any products on our Sites, we will collect payment card information from you, including your name, expiration date, authentication code, and billing address. This information will be transmitted to appropriate third party payment service providers. We may offer you the option to save certain payment card information on our Sites. If you elect to save such information on our Sites, you will be able to add, delete, or modify that information at any time using your account settings. However, we may from time to time request and receive some of your financial, transactional or other information from such third party payment service providers for the purposes of completing transactions you have initiated through the Sites, enrolling you in discount, rebate, and other programs in which you elect to participate, protecting against or identifying possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business.
Social Media Platforms and Networks. If you interact with us on social media or use features, such as plugins, widgets, social media sign-in or other tools made available by social media platforms or networks (such as, but not limited to, Facebook Connect) in connection with our Sites and Other Channels, we may collect information that you share with us on social media or that such platforms share with us. Please review the privacy policies and settings of the social media platforms and networks that you use for more information about their privacy practices.
What are our policies to manage cookies, “Do Not Track” signals and interest-based advertising?
Cookie Policy; Controlling Our Tracking Tools.
You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit our Sites, although active participation in certain areas of our Sites may require cookies. You can set your browser to refuse or delete cookies. Please consult the corresponding instructions of the manufacturer for more detailed information on the actual procedure. If you configure your computer or device to block all cookies, you may disrupt certain features of our sites and limit the functionality we can provide when you visit or use our Sites. If you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this Privacy Policy will stop.
Responding to “Do Not Track.” Some browsers have a “ Do Not Track ” (DNT) feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These browser features are still not uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals. However, if you are a resident of a Covered State (defined below) that requires honoring certain opt-out preference signals, we will treat such opt-out preference signals as a means of opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information, or of opting out of the processing of personal information for targeted advertising, as applicable.
Controlling Online Interest-Based Ads. We sometimes work with online advertising vendors to provide you with relevant and useful ads, including ads served on or through our Sites or on other companies’ websites. These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties on our Sites and through third party websites. For example, your postal code may be used to target an ad for people in your area. These ads may also be based on your activities on our Sites or on third party websites.
You may prevent Google’s collection of data generated by your use of the Sites (including your IP address) by downloading and installing a Browser Plugin available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en .
To exercise certain opt-out choices you may have regarding Cookies from certain providers, please visit the consumer opt-out pages at the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative .
Cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on some mobile devices. Users may opt out of certain ads on mobile applications or reset advertising identifiers via their device settings. To learn how to limit ad tracking or to reset the advertising identifier on your iOS and Android device, click on the following links:
iOS - https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
Android - https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
mobile application(s) available in Google Play or the Apple App stores. More information about opting out on mobile devices is available here - https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice/
How do we use and share your Personal Information?
Hugo Boss Business Activities. We process and may disclose your Personal Information to both the HUGO BOSS Group (affiliates and subsidiaries) and to third party vendors, consultants and service providers to:
Authorized Service Providers. We use other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Those functions include payment card processors, fraud screening providers, shipping vendors, third party logistic providers, call-center or other support providers, e-commerce service providers, analytics providers, data hosting providers, and other companies that help us provide and improve our products and services. We may disclose your Personal Information to these companies and other individuals performing services in the United States or other locations where Hugo Boss or our service providers maintain a facilities or operations. For the purposes of fraud prevention, we may share your Personal Information with Forter, Inc., our third-party provider of fraud screening services, who may use such information in accordance with the Forter privacy policy accessible here: https://www.forter.com/services-privacy-policy/
Businesses Sales. If we sell all or part of our business as part of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which a third party assumes control of all or part of our business, Personal Information may be transferred to the purchaser in connection with that transaction.
Compliance with Laws, Law Enforcement Request and to Protect Others. We may disclose Personal Information to comply with federal, state or local law; or to comply with a civil, criminal or regulatory investigation, inquiry, subpoena or summons by federal, state or local authorities. We may also disclose Personal Information to exercise or defend against legal claims or to cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we or our service providers reasonably and in good faith believe may violate federal, state or local law.
Other Marketing or Permissible Uses. We may also share what we know about you with service providers for our own marketing purposes, or to offer you the products and services of affiliated third parties. To the extent legally permitted, we may combine your information with information collected from third party sources or information we already have. We may also use and disclose certain Personal Information to our corporate affiliates as well as others for any purpose allowed by law.
Non-Personal Information. We may also aggregate information that we gather about you (e.g., online sales, traffic patterns) and provide these statistics to others in aggregate form.
Links to other sites and integration with social media services
We may create links to other websites that we think may be of interest to you, such as providers of various products and services. We do not endorse any other websites, providers, or services by providing such links, and this Privacy Policy applies only to your use of our products and services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of any websites and services we link to on our Sites and Other Channels, and you should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what data that site may collect about you.
The Sites and Other Channels may also integrate with social media services. We do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Sites and Other Channels, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third-party services to operate properly and fairly.
What choices do you have about the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information?
If you signed up to receive newsletters or consented to receive other marketing communications from us, you can opt-out any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the message. You can also log-in to your account to opt-out and update your marketing preferences at any time. Even after you opt-out or update your marketing preferences, please allow sufficient time to process your marketing preferences. It may take up to ten (10) days to process your e-mail marketing related requests, and up to thirty (30) days for all other marketing-related requests. And even after you’ve opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional or informational purposes. These include, for example, customer service issues, returns or product-related inquiries, surveys or recalls, or any questions regarding a specific order.
What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your Personal Information?
The security and confidentiality of your Personal Information matters to us. That’s why we have technical, administrative, and physical controls in place that are designed to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. For example, we use Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) technology to help protect information transmitted over the Internet. Even so, despite our reasonable efforts, no security measure is ever perfect or impenetrable. You can check the security of your connection by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure site, the first characters of the site address change from “http” to “https.” If your browser or firewall does not allow use of secure sites, you will not be able to make purchases on our Sites.
You are also responsible for keeping your Personal Information secure. We strongly recommend that you keep passwords unique from other identifiers such as user ID to help protect your privacy. In addition, you should make sure you only use trusted wireless connections in transmitting any Personal Information or other sensitive information.
How can you access, update, or block your Personal Information?
You can update the Personal Information you provided to us by logging-in to your profile, and making the appropriate changes or corrections yourself. You can also contact us directly any time at the address below to update your Personal Information. If you wish to de-activate your account, you may do so by contacting our customer support team at customerservice-us@hugoboss.com . Once you do so, your account will then be de- activated on a going-forward basis, although certain Personal Information may still be retained in accordance with our Record Retention Policy or to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law.
You can opt-out of receiving HUGO BOSS marketing e-mails at any time by emailing your unsubscribe request by logging into your MY HUGO BOSS account (if you have one) or e-mailing customerservice-us@hugoboss.com . You can also unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe link in each marketing communication you receive from us.
Minors and Children Under 13
Our Sites are intended for users 16 and over and not intended for minors. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 16 or knowingly track the use of our Sites by minors. When we become aware that Personal Information (or other information that is protected under applicable law) from a child under 16 is collected, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our databases. If you believe we might have any Personal Information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at customerservice-us@hugoboss.com or call 1-800-484-6267.
Financial Incentives
We may at times provide consumers with a financial incentive or loyalty program, such as offering different pricing or services, for providing their personal information such as an email address. These programs include the HUGO BOSS Experience, and you can read the terms of HUGO BOSS Experience Terms & Conditions here . Your participation in such programs may be subject to additional terms, which will be provided to you at the time you sign up. When we do so, we feel that the value of the different pricing or services you will receive through such programs exceeds the cost of providing such personal information.
You will always have an option whether or not to partake in such incentive or loyalty programs, and to remove yourself from the program at any time by following the instructions provided in the applicable program terms. You may also withdraw from or opt out of our programs at any time by signing into your MY HUGO BOSS account and opting out or deleting your account.
How can you file a complaint, ask questions, or send us comments about this Privacy Policy?
If you have any questions, have a complaint, or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, e-mail us at customerservice-us@hugoboss.com or call or write to us. We will investigate your complaint, and use reasonable efforts to respond to you as soon as possible.
Our postal address is:
Hugo Boss Fashions, Inc.
Attn.: Privacy Office
55 Water Street, 48th Floor
New York, NY 10041
How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy?
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will prominently post the updated Privacy Policy and indicating at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was updated. If you disagree with our Privacy Policy changes, you may de-activate your account or exercise your right to opt out, if appropriate.
Your U.S. State Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Montana or another state with a similar comprehensive consumer privacy law (collectively, the Covered States), you may have specific rights regarding your personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, and/or similar laws in U.S. states (collectively, the State Privacy Laws). This section describes the rights that consumers of Covered States have and explains how to exercise those rights. To be clear, these rights are granted only to the extent that you are considered a consumer of a Covered State and we are acting as a controller or business (as applicable) under State Privacy Laws with respect to your personal information.
The categories of personal information we process, our purposes for processing your personal information, the categories of personal information we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with whom we share it are set forth in the above terms of this Privacy Policy.
Our Personal Information Handling Practices in the Preceding 12 Months
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes to the categories of recipients listed below:
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed For a Business Purpose During the Preceding 12 Months
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We Disclosed Such Information During the Preceding 12 Months
The Specific Business or Commercial Purposes for Disclosing Such Personal Information
Identifiers
· Names and aliases
· Birth date
· Postal address
· Email address
· IP address
· Account ID
· Telephone and mobile phone numbers
· Signature
Advertising networks
Internet service providers
Data analytics providers
Payment card processors
Anti-fraud protection providers
Operating systems and platforms
Social media platforms
Auditing related to ad impressions
Helping to ensure security and integrity
Debugging to identify and repair errors
Short-term, transient use, including non-personalized advertising
Performing services on behalf of our business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services
Providing advertising and marketing services
Internal research for technological development and demonstration
Activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services or devices
Personal information covered by the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
· Names
· Payment card information
Short-term, transient use, including nonpersonalized advertising
Financial transaction information
· Payment card number
· Authorization number or security code
· Billing address
· Card type (debit or credit card)
· Expiration date
· Tender Type
Commercial information
· Transaction history of consumers
Internet or other electronic network.
· Behavioral data
· Email engagement
· Browsing activity
· Device type
Non-precise / general location information
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information collected.
· Preference selections by consumers
· Homeowner vs renter status
· Presence of children
· Estimated household income
· Mail order purchaser
· Length of residence
· Working woman present in household
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
· Gender based on salutation selected by consumer
· Age
· Marital Status
The categories of personal information described above are retained and stored for as long as reasonably necessary to effectuate the business purposes described above, and otherwise as described in the section of the Privacy Policy titled " How can you access, update, or block your Personal Information?" .
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
In the preceding 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Personal Information from the above chart to third parties:
As of the effective date shown above we have sold or shared your Personal Information with advertising and marketing vendors for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising. For additional information about our use of your Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising, please see the section of the Privacy Policy titled “What are our policies to manage cookies, “Do Not Track” signals and interest-based advertising?”
Rights to Your Information
Right to Know
As a consumer from a Covered State, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale/sharing of your Personal Information. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, and subject to certain limitations that we describe below, we will disclose such information. Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to request any or all of the following:
Right to Delete
As a consumer from a Covered State, you have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception (under the State Privacy Laws) applies. However, we may retain Personal Information that has been de-identified or aggregated. Furthermore, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to perform certain actions set forth under the State Privacy Laws, such as detecting security incidents and protecting against fraudulent or illegal activity.
Right to Data Portability
As a consumer from a Covered State, you have the right to request a copy of the Personal Information we have collected and maintained about you. Note that if you are a California Consumer, the CCPA allows you to request your information from us up to twice during a 12-month period. To the extent feasible, we will provide our response in a readily usable (and usually electronic) format.
Right to Correct
As a consumer from a Covered State, you have the right to request the correction of any Personal Information we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes for which we process it.
Right to Opt Out
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your Personal Information for the purposes of: (i) targeted advertising; (ii) the sale of Personal Information; and/or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
As of the latest date of the Privacy Policy:
We do not sell or share the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is less than 16 (but greater than 13) years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. To our knowledge, we do not sell or share the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
If you wish to opt out of the processing of your Personal Information for any of the above purposes, or to opt back in, please visit the Your Privacy Choices web page, sign up for a MY HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE account, or indicate that you would like to receive information from us again (through a newsletter or other opt-in link). Where required by State Privacy Laws, we will also treat opt-out preference signals (including global privacy control (“GCP”) signals) as valid opt-out requests.
Right to Limit the Use of Your Sensitive Personal Information
Although you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive Personal Information (“SPI”) if we are using your SPI, as of the date of this Privacy Policy, we do not collect SPI from you and have not done so within the past 12 months.
Right to Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights, including but not limited to, by:
Exercising Your State Privacy Rights
As described above, as a resident of a Covered State, you have certain additional rights with respect to your Personal Information, as described above in the section Rights to Your Information.
You can submit your request to exercise these various rights (including the Right to Know and the Right to Request Deletion) in the following manner:
Process for Verifying a Consumer’s Request
We will verify any consumer’s request to exercise the Right to Know or the Right to Request Deletion using the following process:
Whenever feasible, we will match, or will engage a third-party identification verification service to match, the identifying information provided by you to the Personal Information that we maintain already on our systems. We will generally avoid requesting additional information for the purposes of verification. Only if we are unable to verify your identity or residency from the information already maintained by us will we request additional information from you. The additional Personal Information collected will only be used for the purposes of accurately verifying your identity in order to effectively allow you to exercise your rights under the Covered State Privacy Laws and for the purposes of fraud prevention. Once we have satisfied these purposes, we will delete the additional Personal Information collected from you as soon as practically possible, except as required for compliance with our record-keeping requirements and applicable law.
At a minimum, we will ask you for your name and email address. However, we may require you to provide us with data points that ensure that we can verify your consumer request to a reasonable degree of certainty.
Inability to Verify a Request
If we are unable to verify your identity to a degree of certainty as required by the applicable law through any reasonable method, we will state in a written response to you that we are unable to verify it.
Authorized Agents
You may designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf to make a request under the Covered State Privacy Laws by using the same channels for exercising your rights described above, such as requesting disclosure of any Personal Information sold or collected by Hugo Boss USA; or requesting deletion or correction of such Personal Information. If your authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to submit verified requests for disclosure, deletion, or correction, we reserve the right to deny such a request that we have received and will explain to your authorized agent why we have denied such request. If you should use an authorized agent to exercise your various rights under the Covered State Privacy Laws, we may also require that you (i) provide your authorized agent with written permission to exercise your various rights and (ii) verify your own identity with us through the processes laid out in the sections above and (iii) confirm with us directly that you have provided your authorized agent with permission to submit the request.
Responding to Your Request
We will make every effort to respond to your request within 45 days from when you contacted us. If you have a complex request, State Privacy Laws, allow us up to 90 days to respond. We will still contact you within 45 days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond. We reserve the right, as permitted, to charge you a reasonable fee to cover administrative costs if your requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive, or repetitive.
California “Shine the Light”
In addition to the above rights, under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light”), California residents may have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship: (a) a list of the categories of personal information, as defined under Shine the Light, such as name, email address, and mailing address, and the type of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes; and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, or to opt out of having personal information shared with any third party who may use such information for direct marketing purposes, please contact us at 1-800-484-6267, or at:
Attn.: Shine the Light
Concerns about our Privacy Policy and Practices
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices, please contact 800-484-6267 or e-mail US@hugoboss.com.
THE OPEN
golf collection
Evenings Out: Summer Edition
Keep it casual
Summer Linen
ALL LINEN STYLES
Step into the BOSS brand, where classic sophistication meets contemporary. Inspired by timeless design, BOSS remains relevant, offering refined fashion for confident men and women. Our commitment to craftsmanship ensures each piece, from men's polos to dresses , is of exceptional quality and becomes a foundation in your wardrobe . The BOSS brand offers versatile clothing and accessories for every occasion. Experience BOSS' timeless elegance and a modern spirit.
Men's T-Shirts
Our jeans are crafted to provide the perfect balance of comfort and sophistication, making them a staple in every modern wardrobe
30 products out of 595
Men’s Designer T-Shirts: The Ultimate BOSS Essential
The basic T-shirt is arguably the ultimate menswear essential, and for good reason. Versatile, comfortable and understated, a plain or subtly detailed shirt makes the right kind of statement. Presenting the BOSS edit of men’s basic T-shirts.
However you style it, a BOSS T-shirt in classic shades – navy, gray, black or white – strikes the right note every time. Paired with sharp tailoring and elegant leather shoes, a short-sleeved V-neck delivers a noteworthy office look.
After the working week, your well-earned downtime offers a little room for color and embellishment. Try men’s basic T-shirts dyed in the season’s most covetable shades. For primaries and brights, mix with trousers and accessories in contrasting colors for a bolder look or take a head-to-toe, tonal approach by carefully coordinating your separates in similar shades.
Arrive in style. The long-haul business trip may call for tailoring but on-board dressing can afford a little easing up. Choose stretch, cotton-blend styles that hold their own against the shirt for versatility, comfort and ease of care. Requiring minimal pressing, a plain BOSS T-shirt is the ultimate travel attire.
Men’s Tops That Measure Up From HUGO and BOSS
Across the HUGO collection, the use of detailing – embroidery, embossing and print – is refreshed every season. Expect careful logo placement, sporty touches such as striped trim, and the incorporation of different fabrics within one garment.
HUGO regular- and relaxed-fit T-shirts resonate with a more casual approach to styling. While a regular fit makes for a comfortable option, the refined finish of these styles makes them equally as suitable for days on the go. Pair yours with extra slim fit jeans or track pants, finishing your look with jewellery and accessories.
As both HUGO and BOSS continue to honor their commitment to the environment, T-shirts made from sustainable fabrics have become a key part of the latest offerings. With innovation at the core of the ethos, expect crisp designs with clean credentials. Short-sleeve crewnecks made from eco-friendly Recot2®, a yarn created using 25% pre-consumer recycled cotton and 75% organic cotton, are the perfect blend of good sense and good style.
Engineered for the modern man, HUGO and BOSS men’s basic T-shirts are the definition of comfortable style. Find pieces that fit seamlessly with a contemporary capsule wardrobe, available now.
Download the printable PDF version of the HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE Terms and Conditions.
Terms and Conditions
for participation in HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE
United States of America (US) Last Updated October 1, 2024
1.1. HUGO BOSS Fashions, Inc. (together with its US affiliates and subsidiaries “HUGO BOSS” or “ we ”) operates the Customer Loyalty Program HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE (hereinafter also referred to as “ Customer Loyalty Program ”) in the United States. By participating in HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE, you agree and accept the following HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE Terms and Conditions (“ Terms and Conditions ”). Please read them carefully.
1.2. These Terms and Conditions are subject to and incorporated by reference into the Hugo Boss Terms and Conditions. If there is any conflict between the Hugo Boss Terms and Conditions and these HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE Terms and Conditions, the Hugo Boss Terms and Conditions will control.
1.3. Any natural person over the age of 18 who shops in HUGO BOSS Retail Stores located in the United States of America or on the website may participate in HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE. Participation is free of charge. HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE is intended for personal use only, and commercial use by commercial customers is not permitted. Current HUGO BOSS employees are not eligible to participate in HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE.
2.1. HUGO BOSS provides all HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE services, offers, and content (generally “Benefits” ) exclusively on the basis of these Terms and Conditions and solely in participating full-price retail stores located in the United States of America and are fully owned and operated by HUGO BOSS (hereinafter “Retail Stores” ) and on the HUGO BOSS website including any versions adjusted for mobile devices as well as associated services like the HUGO BOSS mobile application, if any ( hugoboss.com/us , hereinafter “Website” ). The Website includes the HUGO BOSS online store (“Online Store”). Participation is limited to Retail Stores and the Website. HUGO BOSS Experience Benefits are not available at outlet locations, third-party retail locations, department stores, and third-party websites. Some Benefits are not available for Website sales.
2.2. When you use HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you may be communicating with us electronically. To the extent permitted under the law, you agree and consent to receive communications from HUGO BOSS by telephone or electronically, such as e-mails, text messages, WhatsApp, mobile push notices, notices, or other messages from our Website or through other HUGO BOSS systems, including marketing information about our products and promotional offers, even if your telephone number is on a corporate, state, or federal Do Not Call Registry. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You do not need to agree to these communications to purchase any products or services from us. If you do not wish to receive these communications, you can unsubscribe at any time by through your HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE account, also see the privacy policy for other unsubscribe methods. Please note that unsubscribing from promotional e-mail communications will not affect any transactional emails we send to you. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for providing your accurate contact information, including your mobile device number and email address. You verify that you are the current subscriber or owner of any telephone number that you provide. Should any of your contact information change, including ownership of your telephone numbers, you agree to immediately notify us before the change goes into effect. We are not responsible for user errors and omissions. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from failure to update your contact information (including your telephone number), your voluntary provision of a telephone number that is not your own, and/or from your violation of any federal, state, or local law, regulation, or ordinance.
2.3. You may register for HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE in select Retail Stores by completing and signing the digital application form. Alternatively, you may register for HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE online at hugoboss.com/US . You will become a participant in HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE upon acceptance of your application by HUGO BOSS.
3. Benefits
As a HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE participant you will have access to exclusive services and offers from HUGO BOSS, subject to availability:
3.1. Personal shopping
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE participants may utilize our personal shopping service in Retail Stores, where available. This service includes individual shopping advice provided by personal sales advisors, exclusive personal shopping appointments in Retail Stores, and the ability to ship online orders to participating Retail Stores. We may also offer you personalized advice based on the information stored in our customer database if you have elected to provide us with the requisite information.
3.2. Alterations service
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE participants are entitled to free basic alterations to HUGO BOSS full price products purchased on our Website or in our Retail Stores. Free alterations are limited to either hem on non-finished trousers OR sleeve hems on suit jackets and sport coats (“Basic Alterations”). The store specialists will assist in measuring and assessing the ideal fit for you with your new HUGO BOSS products. Please note that altered products cannot be returned or exchanged. For free Basic Alterations for online purchases, the packing slip/receipt and the item must be brought or shipped (via our ship to store process) to a participating retail store. A fee shall apply for all other alterations. Altered garments are not returnable. Alterations are only available on HUGO BOSS products that are purchased on our Website or in our Retail Stores, and we do NOT alter other brands.
3.3. Receipt lookup
Under our return policy, returns must be accompanied by a receipt. For purchases made in Retail Stores , HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE offers receipt lookup; if the purchase was tied to your MY HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE account, we will look up the transaction and, if we locate the transaction, we will accept your return as though it was accompanied by a receipt . Although we will endeavor to find your receipt, we are not responsible for not being able to locate your receipt, and are under no obligation to accept your return unless we find your receipt.
3.4. Personalized information and invitations
On the basis of the information stored in our customer database, we may offer you marketing communications, including personalized news, product recommendations, and other information, as well as invitations to special promotions and events. All communications under this Section are subject to the HUGO BOSS USA privacy policy .
3.5. HUGO BOSS customer account
All participants who register for HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE also receive access to the exclusive My HUGO BOSS customer account for the Online Store with additional functions and offers tailored to the participant’s individual interests. Participants who register for HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE in Retail Stores and who want to use the online functionality of HUGO BOSS Experience must initialize their personal My HUGO BOSS customer account separately by navigating to (URL) and setting up an account (including by establishing a password). In your personal My HUGO BOSS customer account you can manage your customer preferences , select your preferred communication channels for personalized information and invitations from HUGO BOSS or opt-out entirely from receipt of marketing communications.
You can also save delivery addresses in your My HUGO BOSS customer account and use this data for your orders in the Online Store. Once you have logged into your customer account, information required for the order process in the Online Store will be entered automatically on the basis of the information saved in your customer account in order to make the Online Store order process as convenient as possible.
The HUGO BOSS customer account also offers you an overview of your purchase history in Retail Stores and the Online Store and also allows you to track the processing and delivery status of your purchases in the Online Store.
In your HUGO BOSS customer account you can also create and manage wish lists which enable you to save HUGO BOSS products for a subsequent visit to the Online Store and to check the availability of HUGO BOSS products in the Online Store or in the retail store of your choice. So that we can tailor your advice and the information sent to you as closely as possible to your personal interests, you can create and manage preferences for specific HUGO BOSS brands and interests. We use this information together with the information collected by us about your use of the Website so that we can personalize and tailor the configuration of your My HUGO BOSS customer account.
3.6. Transportation
Uber rides in select Retail Stores may be offered to HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE customers who meet additional guidelines, including but not limited to, (1) HUGO BOSS Experience customer must also have a valid Uber account, (2) minimum purchase thresholds may apply (annual and on a transactional basis), (3) customer cannot determine type or color of Uber ride, (4) HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE participant must be one of the passengers, (5) Uber rides limited to Uber X only, (6) destination must be the lesser of 50 miles from participating retail store and no more than $100.00 ride cost. Uber rides are not available in all locations. HUGO BOSS is not responsible for your Uber ride or experience, it being understood that HUGO BOSS’ sole involvement in your Uber ride will be to schedule and pay for your Uber ride. You hereby agree to release and hold harmless HUGO BOSS from all claims, liability, damages, and expenses whatsoever from your Uber ride, it being understood that Uber and your Uber driver, as applicable, will be solely responsible for the provision of the Uber service and your Uber ride.
3.7. Birthday Gift
For HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE customers who provide a date of birth upon initial registration (date of birth not subject to change) and consent to e-mail marketing communications, a birthday gift shall be offered. Birthday gift and terms subject to change without notice, but may include a one-time discount on or around customer's birthday.
3.8. Monogramming Services
Monogramming services may be offered to HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE customers in select Retail Stores who meet additional guidelines, including but not limited to, (1) minimum purchase thresholds may apply (annual and on a transactional basis), (2) monogramming limited to select items, (3) character limit may apply, (4) item must be purchased, then sent off-site for monogramming, (5) valid on full price purchases only, (6) monogrammed items are final sale and not returnable or eligible for exchange, (7) no profane or inappropriate monograms will be accepted (the determination of which shall be at HUGO BOSS’ sole discretion, (8) monogrammed items require additional time and may take up to two additional weeks. Monogram service terms are subject to market availability.
3.9. Courier/Delivery
Service Delivery services may be offered to HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE customers in select Retail Stores who meet additional guidelines, including but not limited to: (1) minimum purchase thresholds apply (annual and on a transactional basis), (2) radius restrictions based on local delivery parameters set by HUGO BOSS and local delivery service, (3) delivery fee to HUGO BOSS cannot exceed $50 per delivery, (4) HUGO BOSS not liable for lost and damaged merchandise, it being understood that the delivery service shall be solely responsible for any such lost or damaged merchandise and any and all other claims arising from delivery; and (5) all claims are subject to delivery service terms and conditions.
3.10. Exclusive Member Shopping Hours by Appointment
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE members may contact a participating retail store directly and schedule and appointment for up to one hour before the store opens and one hour after the store closes. Appointments must be scheduled in advance and are subject to availability.
3.11. Curbside Pickup
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE may utilize our curbside pickup service in Retail Stores, where available. This service includes contactless curbside pickup, so you can get your order when and how you want it, without ever leaving your car.
3.12. Same Day Delivery
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE members HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE participants may utilize our same day delivery service in Retail Stores, where available. Book a virtual appointment or call the store to have your order delivered the same day. *Orders must be placed by 3pm EST in order to receive the same day delivery. Service is free for orders over $1,000; a $15 shipping charge will apply to orders under $1,000 that are delivered within a 15 mile radius from the HUGO BOSS Store . Additional fees may apply for orders over 15 mile radius (for both orders over and under $1,000).
3.13. Virtual Appointments
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE members may utilize our virtual shopping platform from the convenience of their home. Connect with our in store stylists over a 30 minute video chat for personalized style advice, fit tips or an exclusive personal virtual shopping experience, orders will be shipped directly to your home or available through curbside pickup for your convenience.
3.14. BOSS UNBOXED
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE members may utilize our new and exclusive personal styling program. Our elite stylists at BOSS will curate looks based on your personal style preferences and they will be hand-delivered to your doorstep for a comfortable at-home fitting. This completely customized experience offers you the thrill of new products and the convenience of deciding whether or not you want to keep or return your items. BOSS UNBOXED is subject to separate terms and conditions, which are available at UNBOXED Term and Conditions .
3.15. House Account
HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE members may utilize the house account function which allows members to store on a house account merchandise credits or credits received for any returns , to be used for future in store purchases only. There are no cash refunds for house accounts unless, the house account falls below $10.00, in such case the House Account shall be cashed out to customer.
4. Notice of termination and termination
4.1. The participant may terminate his or her participation in HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE at any time by email to experience-us@hugoboss.com .
4.2. HUGO BOSS may terminate the HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE, or may modify these Terms & Conditions or any specific benefit at any time observing a notice period of 14 days.
5. Changes in range of services and Terms and Conditions
5.1. HUGO BOSS reserves the right to change the scope or details of the HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE program or discontinue the HUGE BOSS EXPERIENCE program entirely, including by charging a fee in the future for services currently offered for free.
5.2. HUGO BOSS reserves the right at its sole discretion to change or amend these Terms and Conditions with future effect, including without limitation where statutory provisions so require or where this is necessary for improving processes or preventing abuse of the HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE program. These Terms and Conditions are subject to occasional revision. We will notify you of any changes to our Terms and Conditions by posting the new Terms and Conditions on the HUGO BOSS Website with the effective date. If you have a BOSS UNBOXED order in process on the date the change is effective, the version of the Terms and Conditions in effect on the date you reserved the purchase on your credit card shall apply. At our discretion, we may also (but shall not be obligated to) notify you of certain changes by sending you an email to the email address associated with your HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE account. You are responsible for keeping your e-mail address current in your HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE profile which can be found here by logging onto your account. Changes to these Terms and Conditions will be effective thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of the changes on our Website. Continued use of the HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE program, including purchasing products from us, following such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by such changes and the Terms and Conditions as modified thereby. Please regularly check Term and conditions to view the then-current Terms.
6. Customer service
For enquiries about HUGO BOSS EXPERIENCE, please contact experience-us@hugoboss.com
HUGO BOSS - Premium Fashion 4+
The Official HUGO BOSS App
HUGO BOSS AG
Screenshots
Description
Shop the latest styles from BOSS and HUGO for men and for women. OUR FEATURES: Visit the app daily to discover new looks, and be inspired by our latest stories. Get to know the faces of the campaigns, browse our gift finders, and get wardrobe tips from our style advisors. Save your favourite products to your wishlist and purchase them later. OUR BRANDS: Enter the impeccable world of BOSS or step into the bold world of HUGO. Our two brands share one common goal: to outfit you with confidence and style for any situation. Turn to BOSS for sharp and sophisticated tailoring, effortless weekend style and dynamic athleisure looks. Reach for HUGO for daring and progressive pieces in modern colours and cuts for authentic attire with a twist. OCCASIONS: Discover styles for every occasion. Impeccable BOSS suits will take you from work to the weekend. For off-duty attire, browse our selection of casual looks and athleisure styles. For the bold, shop unconventional HUGO tailoring. Explore accessories, bodywear, sunglasses, watches, fragrances and more to complete your look. OUR SERVICES: Take advantage of the following services and enjoy an excellent shopping experience. - Free returns and 30 days right of withdrawal: You have 30 days from the date of delivery to decide whether to keep your items. It is also possible to return a single item or your complete order to a BOSS Store or a HUGO Store near you. - Free shipping All orders are shipped from our distribution centre in Germany. Orders are processed Monday to Friday, excluding weekends and holidays. - Secure payment We offer the following payment methods to ensure that shopping at the HUGO BOSS Online Store is both secure and convenient: • VISA • MasterCard • American Express • PayPal • Apple Pay • Klarna We use certified encryption technology to protect your data from unauthorised access by third parties. Your order and credit card details are transmitted to us in encrypted form, using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) and 3D Secure procedures. All personal information is handled confidentially. - Express delivery Do you want your order as soon as possible? Take advantage of our express delivery option. - Wishlist Save your favourite pieces to your wishlist and shop later. - Click & Collect Buy online and pick up in any participating store at your convenience. Try on your purchase and receive style advice from our team.You won't need to be at home for delivery; just visit your nearest BOSS Store and collect your purchase when it suits you. You can also book an appointment with one of our sales associates, who can assist you with anything from how to care for your item, to how to style it. Once your order has arrived in store, we will notify you by email that you can collect it at any time within 14 days. - The app is available in 15 countries and 8 languages. We want your feedback! Please review the app if you like it.
What’s New
Version 4.37.0
This update includes minor improvements to make your HUGO BOSS experience even better
Ratings and Reviews
235 Ratings
God kvalitet og hurtig betaling med ApplePay
Headline says it all, the app simply doesn’t work. Cannot load anything except for the two tabs ‘shopping bag’ and personal information. Should have done more but testing before relaunching the app!
Jeres billeder i webshop er dårlige. Meget ringe opløsning når man ser billeder af produkter. Gør det svært at bedømme produkter. Torben Laursen
Thanks for sharing your feedback with us. We're sorry that we didn't meet your expectations and we hope that you'll give Hugo Boss another chance since we have updated our product pages today with much better images.
App Privacy
The developer, HUGO BOSS AG , indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .
The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:
The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:
Privacy practices may vary based on, for example, the features you use or your age. Learn More
Information
English, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Swedish
Supports
Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place.
More By This Developer
MyHUGOBOSS by HUGO BOSS
Concierge HUGO BOSS
You Might Also Like
Moncler Official Store
G-STAR - Premium Denim
Levi's® - Shop Denim & More
JACK & JONES Fashion
OUTLETCITY
MYBESTBRANDS
Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Order status
View your Order
To track your order, please enter the order number and e-mail address used to place this order.
Please enter your password if you already have an account.
Digital Campus
Stores
BOSS opens key Barcelona store
Financial
HUGO BOSS DELIVERS SALES AND EARNINGS GROWTH IN Q2
Stories
Career
Job search
Gift Card Terms and Conditions
Treat them to exactly what they want with a HUGO BOSS gift card. These digital gift cards are redeemable both online and in participating stores , and are the perfect present for that stylish someone in your life.
Not sure how much is on your card? Simply check your gift card balance here and start shopping.
Want to know more about how our gift cards work? You'll find the answers you're looking for in our FAQs.
30 products out of 114
Payment
We offer the following payment methods to ensure that shopping at the HUGO BOSS Online Store is both secure and convenient: Please note that we can only accept payment that is drawn on US banks and in US funds.
We use certified encryption technology to protect your data from unauthorized access by third parties. Your order and credit card details are transmitted to us in encrypted form, using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) and 3D Secure procedures. All personal information is handled confidentially.
Please note when purchasing with PayPal and Apple Pay we can only accept payment that is drawn on US banks and in US funds.
We do not accept or issue gift cards or store credit at the HUGO BOSS online store. For more information regarding Apple Pay, please see below: Apple Pay is an easy payment method that you can use to make a secure purchase online on our website. Through Apple Pay, this option will show up automatically if available while browsing our website.
To checkout using Apple Pay, visit a product page, the cart overlay, or the shopping cart page and click the button that says “Buy with ApplePay” for a seamless checkout. To apply a promotion code prior to checking out, visit the cart overlay or the shopping cart page and enter your promotion code. At this time, purchases using Apple Pay will be shipped with Standard Shipping only.
News from BOSS and HUGO
You are signed up to receive exclusive information on HUGO BOSS collections, events & special offers. Email opt-in required.
By providing e-mail you consent to receive promotional material from HUGO BOSS Fashions, Inc and its affiliates in accordance with the following privacy policy .
If you wish to receive information on your local store, please fill out the below.
You can unsubscribe from the HUGO BOSS mailing list at any time here or via the link in the footer of the email.
JUST LANDED
SUMMER NIGHTS
SHARP SuitS
Shop Men
FRESH SHIRTS
BOLD TAILORING
Shop Women
favE dresses
HUGO DROPS
Limited-edition graphics + everyday essentials = the perfect casual combo. We're dropping an online-exclusive T-shirt every month, ft. elevated print techniques and the comfiest jersey fabrics. Collect them all and let the compliments roll in.
FRESH KIDS' FINDS
Step into HUGO , where fashion meets self-expression . The HUGO collections are for those who redefine their world. More than clothing, HUGO is a statement of individuality, offering pieces that push style boundaries. From bold T-shirts to modern suits , HUGO empowers your unique look. HUGO BLUE offers a relaxed aesthetic, focused on denim and streetwear staples . Accessories complete the HUGO style, allowing full self-expression.
