Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Client Services
Please consult our frequently asked questions or contact our Client Services using your preferred method.
CALL US
Our Client Service Advisors are available from Monday to Saturday, 10am - 7pm New York time.
Services are offered in English, Spanish and French.
MESSAGE US
Contact us through one of our messaging channels and we´ll answer within 24 hours, excluding Sundays.
Please note, our live chat service is subject to advisor availability.
EMAIL US
Send us an email and we´ll answer within 24 hours, excluding Sundays.
Secondary Navigation
1- Contact
2- Shipping methods
3- Reservation in store
4- Packaging & Gifts
5- Purchase and secure payment
6- Exchanges and returns
7- Care and repair guide
8- Terms and conditions
9- Legal & Cookies
Should you need any assistance, please get in touch .
Shipping methods
Deliveries are free of cost. Estimated delivery time by country/region:
Europe
Spain (Mainland and Balearic Islands): 2-6 business days.
Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Metropolitan France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom: 2-7 business days.
Asia, Middle East
Bahrain, Brunei, Hong Kong SAR, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Jordan, Kuwait, Macao SAR, Malaysia, Oman, Philippines, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Singapore, Taiwan Region, Thailand, UAE: 2-7 business days
America, Oceania
Australia, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, United States of America: 2-6 business days
Africa
Ivory Coast, Kenya, Mauritius, Morocco, Nigeria, Senegal, South Africa: 2-6 business days
We also offer the possibility to pick up your loewe.com order in the selected store of your choice. This service is always complimentary.
Check the full list of stores where this service is offered through this link .
You will receive an email confirmation when your order is ready to be collected from the store. Please visit the selected store in within 14 days after this email is sent to collect your order.
Collection yourself you need:
We will verify your identity for security reasons, we could also make a copy of these documents. The store reserves the right to verify the Card or method of payment used to place the order. At collection, you will be asked to sign a collection receipt.
Representative needs:
Purchaser must inform the authorized person of the time frame of 15 days to collect the order from the moment that the email is sent to inform that the order is ready to collect. Purchaser must make sure the authorized person is aware of all the required documents he will need to bring to be able to collect the order.
If you do not collect your order: Your order will be available in-store for 15 days. If not collected, it will be sent back and your original method of payment will be refunded.
You can request a product reservation in a selected store of your choice.
Check the full list where this service in offered through this link .
You will receive an email confirmation when your order is ready to be collected from the store. Please visit the selected store in within 48 hours from the moment the confirmation email is sent to complete your purchase in store.
After this 48 hour time frame, the reservation will expire.
You will receive your LOEWE order in our extraordinary packaging. The items will come protected by a cotton cover in herringbone grey, with an anagram label. Products are arranged in our signature smokey white gift box.
The Leather ready to wear pieces might arrive in a larger box in order to protect the quality of our raw materials.
Gifts
It is possible to include a Gift Message in the package, you can select this option at check out and write your personal message. The is no invoice with price included, only a delivery note in which the price is omitted will be included in the parcel, so that you can send your purchase as a gift directly.
Insurance
All LOEWE goods remain the property and responsibility of LOEWE until delivered to the specified delivery address and payment has been received in full. Items are insured against loss and accidental damage during delivery. In any case, this issue will need to be validated by the courier company. If, for any reason, your purchase is not delivered within eight (8) working days, please contact our Client Service Team. Please notify us of this delay within 30 days from the estimated delivery date, so that we can deal with the incidence.
Please check your purchase upon receipt and notify the courier. If, for any reason, you wish to make a claim, you must contact our Client Service Team, keeping all the LOEWE packaging in good order.
Should you wish to exchange or return your purchase from LOEWE’s online store, you may do so in accordance with the terms set out in the Exchanges & Right of withdrawal, Returns.
To purchase an item from LOEWE’s online store, simply select “Add to Shopping Bag” on the product page, and then click on the “Purchase” button to finalize your purchase. You will then be directed to our secure checkout area where you can choose a billing address (where we will send your invoice) and a delivery address (which may be different to the billing address, for example: a work address, a company, the address of the person you wish to send a gift to...). The final step is the Secure Payment, where you will be able to select from various payment methods.
In some cases, after pressing the ‘Purchase’ button, you may be directed to your bank’s webpage where you will be asked for an extra security password for payment with your card. This is the 3D Secure Code, a security system which has been developed by your bank and which will ask you for your password to ensure your payment is secure. This password for online shopping with your card is personal to you and should be given to you by your bank. For further information, please contact your bank directly or our Client Service Team.
LOEWE credit coins or credit notes issued by our offline stores cannot be used to purchase articles from our online store.
Once payment has been received and your order has been confirmed, your order will automatically be sent to LOEWE for processing. Confirmation of your order means your acceptance of the whole Terms and Conditions of Sale through LOEWE’s online store.
You will receive an email with the confirmation and details of your order.
The prices of LOEWE products are shown in Euros, Pounds Sterling and US Dollars, Yens and the different local currencies of each country or region (except in Brunei, Ivory Coast, Croatia, Egypt, Jordan, Kenya, Mauritius, Nigeria, Oman, Senegal, South Africa), including taxes. We reserve the right to change the prices of the products on the www.loewe.com website at any time and without prior notice. However, the prices that appear when the consumer makes a purchase will be considered valid.
Any data registered by the www.loewe.com website will serve as proof of the transactions carried out between LOEWE and its customers. In the event of a dispute between LOEWE and one of its customers about a transaction carried out through the www.loewe.com website, all the data registered by LOEWE S.A will be considered as irrefutable proof of the transaction.
Stock availability
LOEWE cannot be liable if stock is unavailable at any given time. In the case of an issue with ordered stock, LOEWE will contact the customer within 48 hours after purchase to offer a solution.
Select your country or region
To ensure that the correct currency, payment methods and shipping conditions for your area are displayed, please select your country or region from the drop-down menu on the top left-hand corner of the www.loewe.com webpage.
You may exchange the items purchased from LOEWE’s online store within thirty (30) days at our offline stores (except for department stores, outlets, wholesalers and franchises) with the delivery note provided with every purchase, the order confirmation email or the official invoice of your online purchase. The item(s) must be in their original condition and with their original packaging and their corresponding accessories in order to be exchanged.
Exchanges will not be accepted in Mainland China or South Korea LOEWE retail stores, unless originally purchased there
In the case of perfumes, the items must be returned in their original packaging, perfectly sealed and intact in order to guarantee the correct hygienic conditions. Depreciation could also be considered in this case
Any other product purchased from the LOEWE online store which has been customized or is part of special pre-order collections, is not subject to the Exchanges and Return policy
Dice Charm bought through our online store cannot be returned unless returned as a full Set. Exchange in the store is possible following the terms described above
Returns
If you would like to Return an item or items purchased from the LOEWE online store, you may do so within 14 working days following the date of delivery. Working days to exercise your right of withdrawal will be counted stated in the applicable legislation of the location where the product is delivered. You will be refunded the amount paid for the item(s) within a maximum period of fifteen (15) days of receiving and approving the Return.
In accordance with applicable regulations, your legal right to withdrawal will not be applicable to orders for:
In the case of Books or Stationary, the items must be returned in their original packaging, perfectly sealed and intact
LOEWE will pay for the delivery cost of returning the item(s) to our Central Warehouse. Simply enter on My Account or click here .
The article(s) must be in perfect condition, and returned in its/their original packaging, along with all the accessories
LOEWE will refund the amount paid (excluding any return delivery costs) to the card with which you made the payment. Only the original purchaser of the product(s) can request a return as the refund will be directly made to the card with which the payment was made. This process might take up to 14 days.
Any product ordered from the LOEWE’s online store which has been customized cannot be returned or refunded
All products purchased from loewe.com can only be returned from the same country/region or territory that it was shipped to, as indicated at the order confirmation stage of purchase
LOEWE will not be responsible or liable if any item(s) you wish to return to LOEWE’s online store is lost, misdirected or delivered late. The customer must bear the risks of shipping their purchase
LOEWE offline stores do not offer refunds on any product(s) acquired from the LOEWE online store
In the case where a product lacks conformity, the client may make use of the legal guarantee corresponding to the Royal Legislative Decree 1/2007 of November 16, which pertains to the General Law for the Defense of Consumers and Users. LOEWE must proceed, as appropriate, to repair or replace the product, or reduce the price and terminate the contract under the terms provided in the aforementioned Royal Legislative Decree, all procedures which will be free for the consumer and user. LOEWE responds to breaches of conformity that have been raised within two years of delivery. The consumer and user must inform LOEWE of the lack of conformity within two months of becoming aware of it. The legal guarantee of conformity is applicable regardless of any other commercial guarantee offered by LOEWE. These rights are independent and are compatible with the commercial guarantee
You will find an specific Care Guide by type of product on each product page
To maintain and conserve your LOEWE item in its best condition, avoid prolonged and direct exposure to sources of light and heat. We recommend storing the product in its original packaging. Avoid contact with water, oils, perfumes or cosmetics. If your LOEWE item gets wet, remove any excess moisture without rubbing, dab with a soft cloth and let dry at room temperature
If you have any questions regarding our products and their upkeep, please visit one of our stores where our staff will be happy to help and give you information regarding LOEWE´s Cleaning Service
LOEWE respects international standards of protection and conservation of the environment in all its products
After-sales service
LOEWE´s Client Service team will be pleased to assist you with any queries
Consumer goods guarantee
If an article is faulty, LOEWE will, as appropriate, repair, replace, reduce the price or terminate the contract. The procedures will be free of charge for the consumer and user. LOEWE will address non-conformities within a period of 2 years after the date of purchase
At the end of the ordering process, you will be requested to click on “Purchase” to confirm your purchase
Once your order has been confirmed, it will be sent to LOEWE for processing. Your order cannot be modified or cancelled except in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of Sale or with the provisions set out by Spanish law
Any data registered by the www.loewe.com website will serve as proof of the transactions carried out between LOEWE S.A. and its customers
In the event of a dispute between LOEWE S.A. and one of its customers about a transaction carried out on the www.loewe.com website, the data registered by LOEWE S.A. will be considered as irrefutable proof of the transaction contained therein. On the effective date of delivery, the risks (in particular loss, theft or damage) relating to the Products Delivered will be passed on to you
The sale of any product through LOEWE’s Official online store is subject to these Terms and Conditions of Sale
The offeror is LOEWE S.A. (henceforth “LOEWE”) with headquarters at Goya, 4 - 28001 Madrid, Spain, included in the Madrid Commercial Register, Volume 335, Folio 194, Page M-6657, and with tax ID number A-28003861
Orders to acquire LOEWE products can only be made by natural persons and companies with no intention of resale
Any resale or distribution of LOEWE products purchased from the www.loewe.com website is strictly forbidden
Customer complaint forms can be obtained by emailing customerservice@loewe.com or are available from the Madrid Flagship store at Calle Goya 4, 28001 Madrid
LOEWE may update these Terms and Conditions of Sale at any time. You may consult the most up-to-date version of the General Conditions of Sale at any time by clicking on the Client Service link. To place an order through LOEWE’s online store you must accept the Terms and Conditions of Sale in force at the time of placing the order
All the material within the www.loewe.com web site (drawings, designs, illustrations, photographs, sound tracks, written texts, logos, trademarks, etc) is the exclusive property of LOEWE S.A. or any of its subsidiaries(henceforth “LOEWE”). You may not reproduce, distribute, publish, transmit, create works deriving from or based on, modify or sell any of the contained material, either totally or partially, by any means or process (unless otherwise expressly stated in this document)
The ‘LOEWE’ trademark, the logo of the four Ls, and the rest of the brands and logos related with LOEWE, whether registered or not, that are displayed on the www.loewe.com web site, as well as the LOEWE.com domain name, are and will remain the exclusive property of LOEWE S.A. Any reproduction, distribution, transmittal, modification or use of these trademarks without the prior written consent from LOEWE S.A. is forbidden
You may not eliminate any reference to copyrights, trademarks or any other indication regarding intellectual property rights contained in the www.loewe.com web site, or any other content included therein. You may create copies of the web pages published in the www.loewe.com web site for private and personal use and not for profit or commercial use, as long as any copies of said web pages retain all copyright or proprietary notifications and therest of the intellectual property notifications contained therein
The LOEWE S.A. (‘LOEWE’) web site, with headquarters in Madrid, Calle Goya 4, 28001 Madrid, with tax ID CIF-A-28003861 and included in the Madrid Mercantile Register in Volume 335, Page 194, Sheet M-6657, is original creative work protected by the laws of intellectual property protection. The web site, as well as all the elementstherein, is the exclusive property of LOEWE. Reproduction or representation, either totally or partially, of the web site or of any of the elements therein, as well as their modification, is strictly forbidden. The trademarks and domain names shown in the LOEWE web site are the exclusive property of LOEWE
Any unauthorized reproduction or use of these trademarks or domain names, regardless of their form or intent, is strictly forbidden. LOEWE has applied all reasonable means to ensure the information obtained in the web site is accurate. However, we make no guarantee about the accuracy, integrity and updating of said information
LOEWE provides no warranty, either express or implied, regarding all or part of its web site. LOEWE will not be liable under any circumstance for any direct or indirect damage, regardless of its nature, resulting from your use of the website. The ‘LOEWE’ trademark, the logo of the four Ls, and the rest of the brands and logos related with LOEWE, whether registered or not, that are displayed on the www.loewe.com web site, as well as the LOEWE.com domain name, are and will remain the exclusive property of LOEWE S.A. Any reproduction, distribution, transmittal, modification or use of these trademarks without the prior written consent from LOEWE S.A is forbidden
You may not eliminate any reference to copyrights, trademarks or any other indication regarding intellectual property rights contained in the www.loewe.com web site, or any other content included therein. You may create copies of the web pages published in the www.loewe.com web site for private and personal use and not for profit or commercial use, as long as any copies of said web pages retain all copyright or proprietary notifications and the rest of the intellectual property notifications contained therein
The LOEWE S.A. (‘LOEWE’) web site, with headquarters in Madrid, Calle Goya 4, 28001 Madrid, with tax ID CIF-A-28003861 and included in the Madrid Mercantile Register in Volume 335, Page 194, Sheet M-6657, is original creative work protected by the laws of intellectual property protection. The web site, as well as all the elements therein, is the exclusive property of LOEWE. Reproduction or representation, either totally or partially, of the web site or of any of the elements therein, as well as their modification, is strictly forbidden. The trademarks and domain names shown in the LOEWE web site are the exclusive property of LOEWE. Any unauthorized reproduction or use of these trademarks or domain names, regardless of their form or intent, is strictly forbidden. LOEWE has applied all reasonable means to ensure the information obtained in the web site is accurate. However, we make no guarantee about the accuracy, integrity and updating of said information. LOEWE provides no warranty, either express or implied, regarding all or part of its web site. LOEWE will not be liable under any circumstance for any direct or indirect damage, regardless of its nature, resulting from your use of the web site
Applicable legislation, jurisdiction and controversies
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the legislation of Spain
The European Commission offers an online platform to resolve legal disputes, which can be found at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home2.show&lng=ES. LOEWE does not participate, nor is it obligated to participate, in any dispute settlement procedure in the presence of an alternative dispute resolution body as per Law 7/2017, of 2 November, incorporating into the Spanish legal system the 2013/11/EU Directive of the European Parliament and Council, of 21 May 2013, relative to alternative dispute resolution with regard to consumer affairs, and the (EU) Regulation no. 524/2013 of the European Parliament and Council, of 21 May 2013
In the absence of an amicable settlement, the parties shall submit themselves for conflict resolution to the competent courts in the place of residence of the consumer or the place of residence of LOEWE, by choice of the consumer
Both access to the web site and use of its contents are subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions of use of the LOEWE web site.
Limitation of liability
LOEWE S.A. does not guarantee or state that the www.loewe.com web site is free of viruses, worms, Trojans or other types of destructive material
Cookie policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information
Cookies used
__55
OptanonConsent
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
dispatchSite
Categorías - Cookies
FreeCaster Videos
OneTrust Cookie Compliance
SFCC
Google Analytics
Einstein
cookielaw.org
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance
stld
ABTasty
Lucky Orange
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising
dwcustomer_xxxxxxxxxxxx
doubleclick.net
facebook.com
google.com
Cookies are small text files that are sent to the user’s device by the web site. Cookies are stored in the device’s hard drive so that the web site can recognize the user and store certain information on him/her so as to allow or improve the service provided
There are different types of cookies. Some are required to browse through the web site, whereas others are used for other purposes, such as guaranteeing internal security, performing system administration tasks and statistical analyses, studying what sections of the web site are most important for the users and providing a customized experience in the web site
The Web Site uses cookies that do not run any program or load viruses on your device, so they cannot control it in any way. LOEWE does not use cookies to obtain information about the device, to store information or to track the activities that are performed. This refers to both your device and to any other device used to access the Web Site
Session cookies are temporarily stored in the device and are eliminated when the user closes the browser. If a user registers in the web site, LOEWE may use cookies to collect personal data that allow the user to be identified in subsequent visits and that facilitate access and registration in the Web Site (for instance, storing his/her username and nationality) or browsing through the Web Site. LOEWE also uses cookies for system administration purposes and to customize visits to the Web Site. The Web Site may contain links to other web sites
Cookie Settings
LOEWE has no access to or control over the cookies and other tracking technologies that are used in third party web sites that may be accessed through the Web Site, over the availability of any content and material published in or obtained through those web sites or over their handling of personal data
Therefore, LOEWE expressly excludes any liability resulting from the above
The user shall check the Privacy Policy in third party web sites that are accessed through the Web Site so as to learn about the conditions that apply regarding the handling of personal data, since this Privacy Policy is only applicable in this Web Site in accordance with the above indications
Disabling cookies may limit the user’s capability of using this Web Site and prevent him/her from fully enjoying the features and services provided therein
Access to the site implies the acceptance of LOEWE’s use of cookies for the above-stated purposes
Users will have a clear and accessible way of withdrawing that authorization
Most browsers accept cookies by default, although users can normally change their browser settings to disable this function
You can obtain more information about how to change your cookie configuration by selecting your browser and following the instructions provided
Choose country or region
By filling in this form, you agree that your data will be used by Loewe SA, as data controller, to send you information, about our offers, news and events (newsletters, invitations and other publications) as well as for statistical purposes and for the management and optimisation of the customer relationship.
You also agree that Loewe SA, will be able to collect information provided by you for event management purposes. This information can include images, videos and/or audios taken during the events, and can be eventually published and/or shared with third parties in the context of the event.
You may exercise your rights to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data, or restriction of processing, and to object to data processing, as well as to withdraw your consent, by contacting us in the following link Contact us . You may be asked for proof of identity.
For more information about how we protect your personal data, please read our Privacy Policy .
Added to your selection
You have been logged in successfully!
Product added to my selection
Removed from my selection
Basket
All purchases made on loewe.com will arrive in our signature monochrome packaging. You can also add a personalised card on your gifts.
Free shipping in 2-7 business days
Free online returns for 14 days
Free exchange in store for 30 days
Learn more
Legal Consent
Why?
Quality issue / not sellable
Can’t find it in the store
Item reserved
Same Request
Stock error - 0 Available stock in CEGID​
Sold in store
Pending stock adjustment
Item requested in retrieval
System bug
Please contact your Retail Operations Team to inform about this situation
Status
Hello, .
CEDIG ID {0}
My store
Language
Client search
All purchases made at loewe.com will be gift wrapped in our signature packaging.
Every item is protected by a cotton cover bag or by branded tissue paper and put into our signature smoky white LOEWE box, carefully knotted with ribbon around it.
Larger ready-to-wear pieces are delicately wrapped and packaged in a special box to maintain their shape. Each item comes with a cotton cover and a hanger, if needed.
For gifts, you may add a personalised message to the recipient before finishing your order.
The collection combines meticulous craftsmanship with a hint drama, rendered in a harmony of crisp and decorative fabrics.
Working at LOEWE means you form part of a collective body who share a great interest in Fashion, Art, and Culture, as well as hold a deep respect for Craft.
Together as a company we are continually inspired by its Past, passionate about its Present and embrace the Future with confidence.
LOEWE has stores in 46 countries / regions and continues to grow internationally.
We are more than 1,300 employees worldwide.
LOEWE respects inclusion and diversity.
The Business of Fashion named LOEWE as one of “The Best Companies to Work for in Fashion” in 2017.
LOEWE belongs to the LVMH Group, with a stimulating and professional environment and motivating career opportunities where employees contribute to the Future of Tradition.
LOEWE´s School of Leather Craft is located at the heart of our factory in Madrid. Through it LOEWE ensures the savoir-faire possessed by its skilled leather artisans is passed on through generations and guarantees its core competitive advantage continues to thrive.
If you are as passionate about LOEWE as we are you can join us in any of these four areas: Retail, Office, Creation & Industrial.
Get to know our job offers on the LVMH job search platform here and follow our LinkedIn page to see all the latest careers news.
Should you need any assistance, please get in touch.
Call us:
+1 888 710 0009 toll free 10am - 7pm (EDT) Monday to Saturday
Email us:
clientservices_us@loewe.com
Deliveries are free of cost. Estimated delivery time for USA is 2- 6 business days. Please note that any order made after 1pm (GMT +1) on Friday and throughout Saturday and Sunday will be dispatched for delivery on the Monday of the following week. Spanish and US national holidays, local public holidays in Madrid and United Sates and bank holidays in the shipping destination can also lead to delays in deliveries. In order to guarantee security and speed, all orders are shipped using high quality courier services. Once your order has been dispatched, you will receive a tracking number and a direct link by email that will allow you to check the status of your order and follow its progress at the courier’s website. Deliveries are made between 8am and 7pm and could require a signature to ensure safe and secure delivery of your order. The estimated delivery time is approximate, it does not guarantee delivery on the date indicated. Please note that we do not ship our Perfumes to any address in the United States.
We also offer the possibility to pick up your loewe.com order in the selected store of your choice. This service is always complimentary. Check the full list of stores where this service is offered through this link. You will receive an email confirmation when your order is ready to be collected from the store. Please visit the selected store in within 15 days after this email is sent to collect your order. Collection yourself you need: - Order confirmation email - Government issued photo identification ID We will verify your identity for security reasons, we could also make a copy of these documents. The store reserves the right to verify the Card or method of payment used to place the order. At collection, you will be asked to sign a collection receipt. Representative needs: - Order confirmation email - Purchaser’s government issued photo identification - Representative’s government issued photo identification - Authorization letter signed by the purchaser We will verify your identity for security reasons, we could also make a copy of these documents. The store reserves the right to verify the card or method of payment used to place the order. At collection, you will be asked to sign a collection receipt. Purchaser must inform the authorized person of the time frame of 15 days to collect the order from the moment that the email is sent to inform that the order is ready to collect. Purchaser must make sure the authorized person is aware of all the required documents he will need to bring to be able to collect the order. If you do not collect your order: Your order will be available in-store for 15 days. If not collected, it will be sent back and your original method of payment will be refunded.
You can request a product reservation in a selected store of your choice. Check the full list where this service in offered through this link. You will receive an email confirmation when your order is ready to be collected from the store. Please visit the selected store in within 48 hours from the moment the confirmation email is sent to complete your purchase in store. After this 48 hour time frame, the reservation will expire. All purchases made in store off products reserve through loewe.com are subject to the store terms and conditions of sale.
All LOEWE goods remain the property and responsibility of LOEWE until delivered to the specified delivery address and payment has been received in full. Items are insured against loss and accidental damage during delivery. In any case, this issue will need to be validated by the courier company. If, for any reason, your purchase is not delivered within eight (8) working days, please contact our Client Service Team. Please notify us of this delay within 30 days from the estimated delivery date, so that we can deal with the incidence. Please check your purchase upon receipt and notify the courier. If, for any reason, you wish to make a claim, you must contact our Client Service Team, keeping all the LOEWE packaging in good order. Should you wish to exchange or return your purchase from LOEWE’s online store, you may do so in accordance with the terms set out in the Exchanges and Returns.
To purchase an item from LOEWE’s online store, simply select “Add to Shopping Bag” on the product page, and then click on the “Purchase” button to finalize your purchase. You will then be directed to our secure checkout area where you can choose a billing address (where we will send your invoice) and a delivery address (which may be different to the billing address, for example: a work address, a company, the address of the person you wish to send a gift to...). The final step is the Secure Payment, where you will be able to select from various payment methods. Loewe.com accepts different forms of payments depending on the country/region of the billing address. Including: Credit/debit cards: - Visa - MasterCard - American Express (except from the limitations of Amex in certain countries) - Discover - Union Pay - Maestro Alternative payment methods: - Paypal - Apple Pay - Klarna - Alipay
You are responsible for the relevant charges or fees, if any, applied by your card issuer, bank or other payment institution as a result of our processing of your payment. In some cases, after pressing the “Purchase” button, you may be directed to your bank’s webpage where you will be asked for an extra security password for payment with your card. This is the 3D Secure Code, a security system which has been developed by your bank and which will ask you for your password to ensure your payment is secure. This password for online shopping with your card is personal to you and should be given to you by your bank. For further information, please contact your bank directly or our Client Service Team. LOEWE credit coins or credit notes issued by our offline stores cannot be used to purchase articles from our online store. Once payment has been received and your order has been confirmed, your order will automatically be sent to LOEWE for processing. Confirmation of your order means your acceptance of the whole Terms and Conditions of Sale through LOEWE’s online store. You will receive an email with the confirmation and details of your order. For payments made through www.loewe.com, online checks will be made directly with the relevant financial institutions. To ensure the security of transactions, Loewe carries out processing for the purposes of risk assessment and fraud prevention on the internet. We reserve the right to cancel transactions if necessary. In addition, to guarantee the security of the transactions, we carry out controls requesting additional information. We reserve the right to cancel any order if the requested information is not provided accordingly. The prices of LOEWE products are shown in US dollars and exclude sales tax (even though taxes are calculated in the checkout and to be paid by the customer). We reserve the right to change the prices of the products on the www.loewe.com website at any time and without prior notice. However, the prices that appear when the consumer makes a purchase will be considered valid. Any data registered by the www.loewe.com website will serve as proof of the transactions carried out between LOEWE and its customers. In the event of a dispute between LOEWE and one of its customers about a transaction carried out through the www.loewe.com website, all the data registered by LOEWE LLC will be considered as irrefutable proof of the transaction. Stock availability LOEWE cannot be liable if stock is unavailable at any given time. In the case of an issue with ordered stock, LOEWE will contact the customer. Select your country/region To ensure that the correct currency, payment methods and shipping conditions for your area are displayed, please select your country/region from the drop-down menu on the top left-hand corner of the www.loewe.com webpage.
Exchanges You may exchange the items purchased from LOEWE’s online store within thirty (30) days at our offline stores (except for department stores, outlets, wholesalers and franchises) within the same country of purchase, with the delivery note provided with every purchase, the order confirmation email or the official invoice of your online purchase. The item(s) must be in their original condition and with their original packaging and their corresponding accessories in order to be exchanged. Exchanges in store can be made for items having equal price or higher price. If you exchange for an item having a higher price, you must pay the price difference. Exotics, and any other product purchased from the LOEWE online store which has been customized or is part of special pre-order collections, is not subject to the Exchanges and Return policy. Your legal rights for lack of conformity of products are not affected by this policy. Returns Free returns are available within 14 days of your online order delivery date. Returns are only accepted in the same country of the online purchase. If you would like to Return an item or items purchased from the LOEWE online store, you may do so within 14 calendar days following the date of delivery. Returns from the Loewe Online store in the United States are only accepted in the United States. International purchases may not be returned in the United States and must be returned in the country of purchase. You will be refunded the amount paid for the item(s) within a maximum period of fifteen (15) days of receiving and approving the Return. An item made from exotic skin, any item purchased from the LOEWE online store that has been customized or personalized for you, any item that is part of our special pre-order collections, or any item whose return is not appropriate on health or hygiene grounds is not subject to this return policy. These items are final sale. In the case of candles and perfumes, the items must be returned in their original packaging, perfectly sealed and intact in order to guarantee the correct hygienic conditions. Depreciation could also be considered in this case. In the case of Books or Stationery, the items must be returned in their original packaging, perfectly sealed and intact. LOEWE will pay for the delivery cost of returning the item(s) to our Central Warehouse.
Simply enter on My Account or click here.
You will find a specific Care Guide by type of product on each product page. To maintain and conserve your LOEWE item in its best condition, avoid prolonged and direct exposure to sources of light and heat. We recommend storing the product in its original packaging. Avoid contact with water, oils, perfumes or cosmetics. If your LOEWE item gets wet, remove any excess moisture without rubbing, dab with a soft cloth and let dry at room temperature. If you have any questions regarding our products and their upkeep, please visit one of our stores where our staff will be happy to help and give you information regarding LOEWE’s Cleaning Service. LOEWE respects international standards of protection and conservation of the environment in all its products.
LOEWE’s Client Service Team will be pleased to assist you with any queries.
In the event an item bought online is deemed faulty, LOEWE reserves the right to, according to local legislation, either repair, replace or refund the item at no additional cost to the customer and user. LOEWE will address non-conformities within a period of 2 years after the date of purchase. Customers and users will have a maximum period of 2 months to report the non-conformity to LOEWE. In the case that a quality issue is detected in another country of purchase, we will merit the Terms and Conditions of the country of purchase. Any necessary quality exchange must be for an item of equal or higher cost. If you exchange for an item having a higher price, you shall pay the price difference.
At the end of the ordering process, you will be requested to click on “Purchase” to confirm your purchase. Once your order has been confirmed, it will be sent to LOEWE for processing. Your order cannot be modified or cancelled except in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of Sale or with the provisions set out by US law. Confirmation of your order implies your acceptance of the whole Terms and Conditions of Sale. You will be sent an email with the details of your order. Any data registered by the www.loewe.com website will serve as proof of the transactions carried out between LOEWE LLC and its customers. In the event of a dispute between LOEWE LLC and one of its customers about a transaction carried out on the www.loewe.com website, the data registered by LOEWE LLC will be considered as irrefutable proof of the transaction contained therein. On the effective date of delivery, the risks (in particular loss, theft or damage) relating to the Products Delivered will be passed on to you. The sale of any product through LOEWE’s Official online store is subject to these Terms and Conditions of Sale. The offeror is LOEWE LLC (henceforth “LOEWE”) with headquarters at 598 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10022 Orders to acquire LOEWE products can only be made by natural persons and companies with no intention of resale. Any resale or distribution of LOEWE products purchased from the www.loewe.com website is strictly forbidden. Customer complaint forms can be obtained by emailing clientservices_us@loewe.com or are available from any Loewe Store. LOEWE may update these Terms and Conditions of Sale at any time. To place an order through LOEWE’s online store you must accept the Terms and Conditions of Sale in force at the time of placing the order.
Intellectual property
All the material within the www.loewe.com web site (drawings, designs, illustrations, photographs, sound tracks, written texts, logos, trademarks, etc.) is the exclusive property of LOEWE S.A. or any of its subsidiaries (henceforth “LOEWE”). You may not reproduce, distribute, publish, transmit, create works deriving from or based on, modify or sell any of the contained material, either totally or partially, by any means or process (unless otherwise expressly stated in this document). The “LOEWE” trademark, the logo of the four Ls, and the rest of the brands and logos related with LOEWE, whether registered or not, that are displayed on the www.loewe.com web site, as well as the LOEWE.com domain name, are and will remain the exclusive property of LOEWE S.A. Any reproduction, distribution, transmittal, modification or use of these trademarks without the prior written consent from LOEWE S.A. is forbidden. You may not eliminate any reference to copyrights, trademarks or any other indication regarding intellectual property rights contained in the www.loewe.com web site, or any other content included therein. You may create copies of the web pages published in the www.loewe.com web site for private and personal use and not for profit or commercial use, as long as any copies of said web pages retain all copyright or proprietary notifications and the rest of the intellectual property notifications contained therein. The LOEWE S.A. (“LOEWE”) web site, with headquarters in Madrid, Calle Goya 4, 28001 Madrid, with tax ID CIF-A-28003861 and included in the Madrid Mercantile Register in Volume 335, Page 194, Sheet M-6657, is original creative work protected by the laws of intellectual property protection. The web site, as well as all the elements therein, is the exclusive property of LOEWE. Reproduction or representation, either totally or partially, of the web site or of any of the elements therein, as well as their modification, is strictly forbidden. The trademarks and domain names shown in the LOEWE web site are the exclusive property of LOEWE. Any unauthorized reproduction or use of these trademarks or domain names, regardless of their form or intent, is strictly forbidden. LOEWE has applied all reasonable means to ensure the information obtained in the web site is accurate. However, we make no guarantee about the accuracy, integrity and updating of said information. LOEWE provides no warranty, either express or implied, regarding all or part of its web site. LOEWE will not be liable under any circumstance for any direct or indirect damage, regardless of its nature, resulting from your use of the web site. The “LOEWE” trademark, the logo of the four Ls, and the rest of the brands and logos related with LOEWE, whether registered or not, that are displayed on the www.loewe.com web site, as well as the LOEWE.com domain name, are and will remain the exclusive property of LOEWE S.A. Any reproduction, distribution, transmittal, modification or use of these trademarks without the prior written consent from LOEWE S.A. is forbidden.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the Laws of the State of New York. Any cause of action that may arise will be brought in the appropriate court in New York, New York. Both access to the web site and use of its contents are subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions of use of the LOEWE web site.
LOEWE LLC does not guarantee or state that the www.loewe.com web site is free of viruses, worms, Trojans or other types of destructive material.
1. Free shipping: times and regions
2. Store Pick-up
3. Free online returns
4. Exchange in Store
5. Gifts
If it works better for you to pick up your online purchase in person, simply check for a convenient option from our list of participating stores and their opening times link .
Check the shipping table for information on lead times.
Once the parcel arrives to the store, you have 14 day to pick up. Simply present your order confirmation and your photo ID at the store to collect.
Free returns are available within 14 days of your online order delivery date.
Simply enter on My Account or click here .
Please note that the items must be in re-saleable condition and that personalised items are non-exchangeable, non-refundable.
You can visit one of our retail stores within 30 days after the date of purchase using the delivery note included in the package.
Exchanges cannot be done at outlets, franchises or department stores. Exchanges are not available in South Korea retail stores.
All items purchased as a gift are gift-wrapped on a complimentary basis and include a personalised note that you specify when confirming your purchase.
Gifts are shipped in brand-free boxing and no price is included in the delivery documentation.
At LOEWE, we’re combining our long-standing knowledge of craft with new research and technologies to help lessen our impact on the planet. Every day, we explore new sustainable practices in everything from material sourcing to designing, manufacturing, packaging and the building and management of our sites and stores. We’re still at the beginning of a journey which gained momentum in 2019 with the launch of our first Eye/LOEWE/Nature collection, that works as a laboratory for more sustainable practices and has enabled us to reduce our overall CO2 emissions by 25%.
We work with high quality, low impact materials that are sourced and produced with our planet in mind. Factors such as traceability of origin, fair conditions for farmers, animal welfare and the protection of biodiversity closely inform the way we approach and procure raw materials.
We source our leather from tanneries certified by Leather Working Group (LWG), an international organisation that evaluates the environmental compliance and performance of the leather industry. We’re testing a variety of other low impact materials, including recycled and upcycled fabrics, and are also using an increasing amount of organically grown cotton in the products we make, that uses non-toxic pesticides, improves soil quality and saves water.
Launched in 2021, The Surplus Project presents a new way to re-think and re-use the surplus material from previous LOEWE collections in order to create something beautiful with low impact. The project sees two of our most iconic high-quality leathers given a new life as the Woven basket bag, bringing the house a step closer in its journey to becoming more sustainable.
We work with likeminded suppliers who are environmentally and socially conscious, and who strive to limit their environmental impact. In practical terms, this means complying with the applicable legal and environmental regulations, from actively seeking to improve the performance of our products, to taking clear steps to reduce CO2 emissions in the manufacturing process. We perform regular audits across our supply chain to ensure these commitments are being met — including SMETA audits (Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit), one of the most widely used ethical audit formats in the world.
Every day, we’re taking steps to reduce the environmental impact of the packaging we use. Current measures include using low impact packaging materials, the reduction of excess packing, the use of foldable shoe boxes, the implementation of circular economy systems and the optimisation of space during transportation.
The paper in our shopping bags and final customer boxes comes from Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified forests, considered to be the gold standard in responsibly managed wood harvesting. We use recycled cotton in our felt bags, and we’re continually looking to reduce, minimise and optimise our packaging materials.
LOEWE´s sustainability strategy encompasses the initiative of LIFE program (LVMH Initiatives for the Environment) which sets goals to elevate environmental performance.
Frequently asked questions
Order
Shipping
Return & Exchange
360 Experience
My Account
Care & Repair
Categories
Returns & Exchange
My account
+1 888 710 0009
Call us 10am - 7pm (New York time) Monday to Saturday
Search options
Find a store
1. General
2. Bags and small leather goods
3. Costume jewellery
4. Shoes
5. Woven garments
6. Knitwear garments
7. Leather ready-to-wear
8. Scarves, shawls and blankets
9. Sunglasses
General
Your LOEWE item will maintain its qualities if it is not directly exposed to sources of light and heat. Avoid excessive contact with water, oils, perfumes or cosmetics. Always follow care instructions on the label. For any further questions we invite you to visit one of our stores, where our staff will be delighted to assist you and inform you about LOEWE’s after-sales service.
LOEWE occasionally uses different engraving or printing techniques on the leather to create unique products, where differences in colour or definition are inherent to the technical processes.
Variations in tone, marks or grains are natural features that should not be considered imperfections.
Care guide for bags and small leather goods
Your LOEWE item will maintain its qualities if it is stored inside its cloth case and is not over-filled so it can conserve its original shape. If your item gets wet, remove excess moisture by dabbing with a soft cloth and let dry at room temperature.
As a result of the transformation process, a slight transfer of colour can occur with all of our leather when rubbed, especially in humid environments. Keep this in mind, particularly with suede or suede-like leather, when wearing light-coloured garments.
Imperfections in our fabric and canvas products are part of their nature too and should be celebrated. The colours and dyes in some of these products can also produce a slight transfer of colour, so avoid wearing light-coloured garments with intensely coloured items.
We also offer a care and cleaning service for bags and small leather goods.
LOEWE respects international standards for the protection and conservation of nature in all its creations.
Care guide for costume jewellery
Your LOEWE item will maintain its qualities if it is stored individually in its original packaging or inside a soft cloth. Try to keep chains fastened and lay them out flat to avoid knots forming.
Avoid excessive contact with water, oils, perfumes, creams or cosmetics as these can cause the jewellery to darken or lose its brightness. After each wear, gently wipe with a soft cloth to remove any dirt.
We recommend removing your piece of costume jewellery before participating in any physical activity or going to sleep. We do not recommend wearing it in the shower, pool or sea.
Check regularly that all fastenings, stones and settings are in good order and working properly.
Care guide for shoes
We recommend you treat these shoes with care to preserve their original properties.
Your LOEWE shoes will maintain their qualities if they are stored in a dry, well-ventilated place. Store them in the cotton bags provided and fill with tissue paper to help maintain their shape. Avoid contact with water, perfumes, oil, cosmetics and abrasive products. If your shoes get wet, dry them with a soft cloth without rubbing and let them dry at room temperature.
Care guide for woven garments
Your LOEWE article has been made with high quality materials. Garments made of natural fibres such as linen and cotton should be kept in a dry place.
Care guide for knitwear garments
Your LOEWE knitwear item will maintain its qualities and original shape if it is folded and stored on a flat surface. Avoid the use of necklaces or other jewellery that may damage or tear the yarn. Pilling is a natural characteristic that can be reduced by avoiding excessive friction.
Care guide for leather ready-to-wear
To maintain the best condition and ensure the longevity of your LOEWE item we recommend avoiding direct or prolonged exposure to sources of light and heat. Store the garment in the cotton garment cover provided, in a dry, cool space. If your item gets wet, remove any excess moisture without rubbing, dab with a soft cloth and let dry at room temperature.
Care guide for scarves, shawls and blankets
Your LOEWE item will maintain its qualities if it is stored in protective silk-coated paper. Avoid wearing necklaces or jewellery that may damage or tear the material.
Care guide for sunglasses
Your LOEWE sunglasses will maintain their qualities if they are stored inside their original case and are never placed face down on any surface, as this may damage the lenses. We recommend moistening the crystals before cleaning the lenses to remove any dust particles that may scratch the glass. Always use a microfiber cloth specially made for this purpose.
1. Identity and contact details of the data controller
The data controller of the personal data collected and processed through the website www.loewe.com (the “Site”) is by Loewe S.A. (hereinafter “Loewe”). This Privacy Policy shall also apply to the sales conducted and the services rendered through our e-commerce platforms and shops.
Loewe is an entity registered within the Mercantile Registry of Madrid under Book 335, Section 194, Page M-6657, and fiscal code NIF A-28003861 with its registered office located at: C/ Goya 4 28001 Madrid (Spain).
2. Categories of Personal Data processed, legal basis and purposes of the processing
Depending on the specific services provided by the Site and used by you, on your choices and configuration of your terminal (with respect in particular to cookies and other tracers), the personal data concerning you collected and processed by Loewe may include: your family name, given name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number, pictures of you (subject to your prior and explicit consent), your bank account details for the purposes of online sales, your past purchases, your purchase preferences and lifestyle interests, hobbies, profession/sector, anniversaries, navigation patterns as well as your connection logs. This personal data shall be collected and processed by means of your explicit consent, our legitimate interests, when required by the applicable laws or where it is necessary for the execution of your orders and the management of our commercial relationship (performance of a contract).
Your personal data shall be collected and processed by Loewe under the below mentioned legal bases in order fulfil the following purposes:
• Legitimate interest:
- to answer your questions sent via the Contact us form; - to enable you to create a “your account“ personal space and thereby purchase our products online; - to ensure the security of your online transactions, to prevent fraud and payment defaults (see our Terms & Conditions for obtaining further information); - to manage and optimise the customer relationship with you; - to make statistics; and -to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
• Performance of a contract entered with you:
- to manage any orders that you may place online and the corresponding order deliveries as well as the applicable warranties or any queries raised by you due to the purchase of any of our products;
•Your prior and explicit consent:
- during the creation of your Loewe user account, your subscription to our newsletter or by means of our CRM cards, we will request your explicit consent to create a profile based on your preferences including the use and/or combination of our Social Media Partners external databases and tools in order to manage and improve your experience as a customer and/or to offer more personalized advertising, using the categories of data mentioned above and your consumption preferences. The use and/or combination of our Social Media Partners external databases and tools intended to carry out segmented and customized marketing activities allows us to have a more detailed knowledge about your preferences in order to offer you individualized, customized and accurate advertising according to your specific product interests and your consumption habits. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences and offer you more personalized advertisement through:
- https://support.google.com/adspolicy/answer/143465 - https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/2453998?hl=en - https://www.facebook.com/business/learn/facebook-ads-reach-existing-customers - https://www.facebook.com/business/learn/facebook-ads-pixel - in case you are not an existing Loewe customer, we will request your prior and explicit consent to send you information through electronic means about our offers, news and events (including newsletters, invitations and other publications). - we will request your consent to be able to serve you via the Live Chat option, which requires the use of functional cookies.
3. Recipients of the Personal Data
Generally, your personal data shall not be transferred or made accessible to any third party. Nevertheless, Loewe may disclose your personal to the following recipients:
• Other Loewe entities (in the sense of Article 42 of the Spanish Code of Commerce); • Business Partners: Loewe may disclose your personal data to business partners who provide services to Loewe or who cooperate with us. These business partners generally operate as independent data controllers and are responsible for their own compliance with the applicable data protection laws. You should refer to their respective privacy notices for more information about how they process personal data; • Service Providers: We may disclose your information to service providers we have retained (as processors) to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are contractually restricted from processing or disclosing your personal data except as necessary to perform services on Loewe's behalf or to comply with the applicable legal requirements; and • Social Media Partners: Loewe may disclose your personal data to social media partners like Facebook, Google or Amazon to create a profile based on your preferences including the use and/or combination of external sources in order to manage the user's experience and/or to offer you more personalized advertising, using the categories of data mentioned above and your consumption preferences. The use and/or combination of our Social Media Partners external databases and tools intended to carry out segmented and customized marketing activities allows us to have a more detailed knowledge about your preferences in order to offer you individualized, customized and accurate advertising according to your specific product interests and your consumption habits. These social media partners generally operate as independent data controllers and are responsible for their own compliance with the applicable data protection laws. You should refer to their respective privacy notices for more information on how they process personal data. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences in section 2 of the present Privacy Policy. Finally, Loewe may disclose your personal data to third parties if such disclosure is required by law, by a regulatory provision or by a court ruling, or if this disclosure is necessary to ensure the protection and defence of Loewe's rights.
4. International Transfers of Personal Data
The recipients of your personal data may be located abroad, including outside the European Economic Area. Any transfer of your personal data outside the European Economic Area shall only take place subject to the execution of the European Commission Contractual Clauses in accordance with the applicable data protection laws and regulations.
To obtain further information about how your personal data will be disclosed to overseas recipients, please contact us by writing to dataprivacy@loewe.es . You also have a right to contact us for more information about the safeguards implemented by Loewe to ensure the adequate protection of your personal information when this is transferred as mentioned above.
5. Your rights
In accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations, you have a right to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data, or restriction of processing, and to object to said processing, as well as the right to data portability to the extent applicable.
You can also object to the use of your Data to build up your client profile; in this case you will no longer benefit from customised advertisement, offers and services. Moreover, you entitled to withdraw your consent in respect to the delivery of marketing materials and advertisement through electronic means and the creation profile based on your preferences including the use and/or combination of external sources.
These rights may be exercised directly with Loewe by contacting us in the following link (selecting option “Privacy and Personal Data”), through the following e-mail address: clientservices_us@loewe.com ;or by sending a letter by regular post to 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France. You may be asked for proof of identity.
Moreover, you may request at any time that we stop sending you information about our offers, news and events by using the hypertext link earmarked for that purpose in each e-mail that we send you. You can also contact us by regular post by writing to 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the relevant supervisory authority if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes the applicable data protection laws (https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_es).
6. Retention period of your Data
Loewe will not retain your personal for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which such personal data is processed, or required or allowed by law.
Your personal data collected and processed under the Contact us form of the Site shall only be stored and processed throughout the duration of the management of your request. It shall be deleted thereafter.
Should you decide to create a client account, your identification personal data shall be kept for as long as your account is active and you do not close it. You may close your account at any time. Your request shall be taken into consideration immediately, or in case of any pending order, as soon as it shall have been executed in full. Should your account remain inactive for five (5) years, Loewe shall contact you to find out whether or not you wish to maintain your account. Should you not wish to maintain it, your account shall be closed and your personal shall be destroyed as soon as legally practicable.
The personal data concerning your orders shall in principle be kept by Loewe for a period of time that does not exceed the applicable statutory limitation periods. This personal data may however also be viewed from your client account as long as the latter remains active. Upon closure of your client account, this Data (i) shall be archived for accounting and evidential purposes for the abovementioned statutory limitation periods, or (ii) shall be destroyed if these periods have expired.
Your financial personal data shall be kept secure for the duration that is needed for the confirmation of your order and its payment and shall then be immediately destroyed. In case of a payment default, your Data shall be kept throughout the duration of the management of the incident, and thereafter for a period of three (3) to five (5) years depending on the seriousness of the incident.
The personal data used for the purpose of sending you information concerning the offers, news and events of our Maison shall be kept for a period of five (5) years as of the date on which it was collected or as of your last contact with Loewe. Upon expiry of this timescale, Loewe may get in touch with you to find out whether you wish to continue to receive information about our offers, news and events. Your Data shall be destroyed within a maximum of one (1) month following any request on your part to unsubscribe.
Finally, the connection logs that are collected, subject to your consent, using the cookies and other tracers implemented on our Site, shall be kept in accordance with applicable laws and regulations for a period of time that does not exceed twelve (12) months. For more details, see our Cookies policy.
7. Contact details of the data protection officer (DPO)
Should you have any question about the collection and processing of your personal data by Loewe, please contact the data protection officer of Loewe by sending an e-mail to: dataprivacy@loewe.es .
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. In such case, we will post the updated version on this Site. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy so that you will duly informed about our privacy practices.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are sent to the user’s device by the web site. Cookies are stored in the device’s hard drive so that the web site can recognize the user and store certain information on him/her so as to allow or improve the service provided.
There are different types of cookies. Some are required to browse through the web site, whereas others are used for other purposes, such as guaranteeing internal security, performing system administration tasks and statistical analyses, studying what sections of the web site are most important for the users and providing a customized experience in the web site.
The Web Site uses cookies that do not run any program or load viruses on your device, so they cannot control it in any way. LOEWE does not use cookies to obtain information about the device, to store information or to track the activities that are performed. This refers to both your device and to any other device used to access the Web Site.
Session cookies are temporarily stored in the device and are eliminated when the user closes the browser. If a user registers in the web site, LOEWE may use cookies to collect personal data that allow the user to be identified in subsequent visits and that facilitate access and registration in the Web Site (for instance, storing his/her username and nationality) or browsing through the Web Site. LOEWE also uses cookies for system administration purposes and to customize visits to the Web Site. The Web Site may contain links to other web sites.
LOEWE has no access to or control over the cookies and other tracking technologies that are used in third party web sites that may be accessed through the Web Site, over the availability of any content and material published in or obtained through those web sites or over their handling of personal data. Therefore, LOEWE expressly excludes any liability resulting from the above.
The user shall check the Privacy Policy in third party web sites that are accessed through the Web Site so as to learn about the conditions that apply regarding the handling of personal data, since this Privacy Policy is only applicable in this Web Site in accordance with the above indications.
Disabling cookies may limit the user’s capability of using this Web Site and prevent him/her from fully enjoying the features and services provided therein.
Access to the site implies the acceptance of LOEWE’s use of cookies for the above-stated purposes. Users will have a clear and accessible way of withdrawing that authorization.
Most browsers accept cookies by default, although users can normally change their browser settings to disable this function.
You can obtain more information about how to change your cookie configuration by selecting your browser and following the instructions provided.
9. Specific to Klarna payment method
Customer Data Sharing
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find here . Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in the following privacy policy links
• Klarna’s privacy policy ( United States )
JavaScript is not available.
We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.
Help Center
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.
The data controller of the personal data collected and processed through the website www.loewe.com com (the “Site”) for the purposes described below is by Loewe S.A. (hereinafter “Loewe”). This Privacy Policy shall also apply to the sales conducted and the services rendered through our e-commerce platforms and shops.
- to manage and optimise the customer relationship with you; and
- to anonymize your personal data and make statistics
- to manage your participation in promotional contests and other Loewe promotional events, as detailed on a case-by-case basis, subject to the relevant specific terms and conditions.
• Your prior and explicit consent:
-during the creation of your Loewe user account, your subscription to our newsletter or by means of our CRM cards, we may request your explicit consent to create a profile based on (1) your purchase history information, as received from the relevant local LOEWE merchant (recent purchases, date of purchase, etc.), and (2) your preferences, including the use and/or combination of our Social Media Partners external databases and tools in order to manage and improve your experience as a customer and/or to offer more personalized advertising, using the categories of data mentioned above and your consumption preferences. The use and/or combination of our Social Media Partners external databases and tools intended to carry out segmented and customized marketing activities allows us to have a more detailed knowledge about your preferences in order to offer you individualized, customized and accurate advertising according to your specific product interests and your consumption habits. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences and offer you more personalized advertisement through:
- https://support.google.com/adspolicy/answer/143465
- https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/2453998?hl=en
- https://www.facebook.com/business/learn/facebook-ads-reach-existing-customers
- https://www.facebook.com/business/learn/facebook-ads-pixel
- we will request your prior and explicit consent to send you information through electronic and/or traditional means (i.e. email, phone, traditional post) about our offers, news and events (including newsletters, invitations and other publications).
Generally, your personal data shall not be transferred or made accessible to any third party. Nevertheless, Loewe may disclose your personal data to the following recipients:
• Service Providers: We may disclose your information to service providers we have retained (as processors) to perform services on our behalf, i.e. marketing agencies. These service providers are contractually restricted from processing or disclosing your personal data except as necessary to perform services on Loewe's behalf or to comply with the applicable legal requirements; and
• Social Media Partners: Subject to your explicit consent, Loewe may disclose your personal data to social media partners like Facebook, Google or Amazon to create a profile based on your preferences including the use and/or combination of external sources in order to manage the user's experience and/or to offer you more personalized advertising, using the categories of data mentioned above and your consumption preferences. The use and/or combination of our Social Media Partners external databases and tools intended to carry out segmented and customized marketing activities allows us to have a more detailed knowledge about your preferences in order to offer you individualized, customized and accurate advertising according to your specific product interests and your consumption habits. These social media partners generally operate as independent data controllers, and are responsible for their own compliance with the applicable data protection laws. You should refer to their respective privacy notices for more information on how they process personal data. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences in section 2 of the present Privacy Policy.
Finally, Loewe may disclose your personal data to third parties if such disclosure is required by law, by a regulatory provision or by a court ruling, or if this disclosure is necessary to ensure the protection and defence of Loewe's rights.
To obtain further information about how your personal data will be disclosed to overseas recipients, please contact us by writing to dataprivacy@loewe.com. You also have a right to contact us for more information about the safeguards implemented by Loewe to ensure the adequate protection of your personal information when this is transferred as mentioned above.
These rights may be exercised directly with Loewe by contacting us in the following link (selecting option “Privacy and Personal Data”), through the following e-mail address: ( customerservice@loewe.es )or by sending a letter by regular post to 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France . You may be asked for proof of identity.
Moreover, you may request at any time that we stop sending you information about our offers, news and events by using the hypertext link earmarked for that purpose in each e-mail that we send you. You can also contact us by regular post by writing to 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France .
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the relevant supervisory authority if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes the applicable data protection laws ( https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_es).
The connection logs that are collected, subject to your consent, using the cookies and other tracers implemented on our Site, shall be kept in accordance with applicable laws and regulations for a period of time that does not exceed twelve (12) months. For more details, see our Cookies Policy.
Finally, Loewe has taken all steps required under the applicable laws and regulations to ensure the safety of your personal data.
Should you have any question about the collection and processing of your personal data by Loewe, please contact the data protection officer of Loewe by sending an e-mail to: dataprivacy@loewe.es
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. In such case, we will post the updated version on this Site
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy so that you will duly informed about our privacy practices.
This privacy policy applies to sales made and services provided through both LOEWE's e-commerce platforms (including this website) and physical stores.
Currently, the entity operating the online sales of LOEWE products in Korea is Loewe, S.A. in Spain. Loewe is an entity registered within the Mercantile Registry of Madrid under Book 335, Section 194, Page M-6657, and fiscal code NIF A-28003861 with its registered office located at: C/ Goya 4 28001 Madrid (Spain). Therefore, the data controller of your personal data for purposes connected to the online sale of LOEWE products in Korea is currently Loewe, S.A. in Spain. However, as part of the project to reorganize the Loewe Group's online sales worldwide, it is planned that in the near future online sales will begin to be carried out by the Loewe subsidiaries present in each of the countries where the group operates. When this reorganization takes place, the data controller in relation to online sales in Korea will become LOEWE KOREA LTD. Such change will be announced well in advance on this website. However, at any time you may confirm which Loewe group entity is acting as data controller in respect of your transactions by referring to the purchase receipt or other equivalent proof, which shall indicate the full corporate name of the Loewe group entity responsible for the transaction and any other services associated with the transaction.
The Korean entity, LOEWE KOREA LTD, shall in all cases be the data controller for the processing of your personal data associated with any face-to-face transactions made by you at our retail stores located in Korea.
Depending on your interactions with us, the specific services provided by the Site and used by you, on your choices and configuration of your terminal (with respect in particular to cookies and other tracers), the personal data concerning you collected and processed by Loewe may include: your family name, given name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number, pictures of you (subject to your prior and explicit consent), your bank account details for the purposes of online sales, your past purchases, your purchase preferences and lifestyle interests, hobbies, profession/sector, anniversaries, navigation patterns as well as your connection logs. This personal data shall be collected and processed by means of your explicit consent, our legitimate interests, when required by the applicable laws or where it is necessary for the execution of your orders and the management of our commercial relationship (performance of a contract).
- to answer questions you may sent via the “Contact us“ form;
- to enable you to create a “Your account“ personal space and thereby purchase our products online;
- to ensure the security of your online transactions, to prevent fraud and payment defaults (see our Terms & Conditions for obtaining further information);
- to anonymize your personal data;
- to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
- to manage any requests or queries raised by you in our brick-and-mortar stores in connection to your transactions both via our website or our stores.
• Service Providers: We may disclose your information to service providers we have retained (as processors) to perform services on our behalf, i.e. payment platforms and logistics companies. These service providers are contractually restricted from processing or disclosing your personal data except as necessary to perform services on Loewe's behalf or to comply with the applicable legal requirements; and
• Once the Korean entity becomes the data controller in connection with the online sales of LOEWE products in Korea, the Korean entity, as data controller, will also share information about your online purchases (e.g. date of purchase, products purchased, etc.) to LOEWE S.A. in Spain, so that LOEWE SA
can better target you with marketing communications based on your preferences, as further detailed in Loewe SA's Marketing Privacy Policy.
can manage your requests / queries at our stores worldwide in connection to transactions made by you in Korea.
• Finally, Loewe may disclose your personal data to third parties such as authorities or auditors if such disclosure is required by law, by a regulatory provision or by a court ruling, or if this disclosure is necessary to ensure the protection and defence of Loewe's rights.
These rights may be exercised directly with Loewe by contacting us in the following link (selecting option “Privacy and Personal Data”), through the following e-mail address: clientservices@hk.loewe.com or by sending a letter by regular post to 159, avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92521 Neuilly-Sur-Seine cedex, France. You may be asked for proof of identity. You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the relevant supervisory authority if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes the applicable data protection laws ( https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_es ).
Your personal data collected and processed under the “Contact us” section of the Site shall only be stored and processed throughout the duration of the management of your request. It shall be deleted thereafter.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. In such case, we will post the updated version on this Site.
