SANDALS
Loading
CULVER slides in smooth leather
2 Colors
CASSANDRE slides in smooth leather
CASSANDRE sandals in smooth leather
CASSANDRE sandals in suede
CASSANDRE sandals in glazed leather
IOS slides in smooth leather
NICHOLS slides in smooth leather
NICHOLS slides in glazed leather
espadrilles in smooth leather
espadrilles in cotton gabardine
ysl
SHOES
SCARVES AND SILK
CASSANDRE scrunchie in paisley silk twill
large square scarf in medallion silk charmeuse
square scarf in paisley silk twill
square scarf in medallion silk twill
CASSANDRE SCRUNCHIE IN SILK AND CASHMERE JACQUARD
CASSANDRE SCRUNCHIE IN WOOL TWILL
wide tie in medallion silk jacquard
wide tie in medallion silk twill
wide tie in square silk twill
CASSANDRE SCRUNCHIE IN SILK JACQUARD
ACCESSORIES
TIES AND SILK
STRIPED WIDE TIE IN SILK
STRIPED WIDE TIE IN WOOL AND SILK
wide tie in striped silk
wide tie in cotton and silk voile
dotted tie in silk grosgrain
wide tie in silk grosgrain
STRIPED WIDE TIE IN SILK JACQUARD
wide tie in striped silk jacquard
striped tie in silk jacquard
tie in silk satin
striped tie in silk and viscose
JEWELRY NEW ARRIVALS
MORE JEWELRY
CUFFS AND BRACELETS
BROOCHES AND RINGS
EARRINGS AND NECKLACES
FINE JEWELRY
VIEW ALL
JEWELRY
petal cuff in resin and metal
3 Colors
CASSANDRE CLAW CLIP IN HAMMERED METAL
CASSANDRE hair clips in metal
SAINT LAURENT claw clip in metal
CASSANDRE cuff in metal
CASSANDRE caterpillar cuff in metal
Cassandre YSL brooch in metal
CASSANDRE brooch in tiger's eye, sunstone, and metal
CASSANDRE brooch in metal
OVAL CHAIN BRACELET IN METAL
BUBBLE CABOCHON BRACELET IN RESIN AND METAL
ARABESQUE CHAIN BRACELET IN METAL
ALL HANDBAGS
ICARE
LE 5 À 7
LOULOU
NIKI
SAC DE JOUR
SHOPPING SAINT LAURENT
SUNSET
VOLTAIRE
CALYPSO
GABY
JAMIE
KATE
LE 37
PUFFER
HANDBAGS
Y TOTE IN LEATHER
Y tote in raffia
Y tote in leather
Y tote in suede
Y TOTE IN CANVAS AND LEATHER
ICARE in quilted lambskin
ICARE IN RAFFIA
JAMIE SHOPPING in lambskin
JAMIE shopping in suede
JAMIE SHOPPING in raffia
LE 5 À 7 supple small in raffia and leather
LE 5 À 7 supple SMALL IN GRAINED LEATHER
10 Colors
LE 5 À 7 supple baby in grained leather
ACCESSORIES NEW ARRIVALS
MORE ACCESSORIES
BELTS
HATS AND GLOVES
SUNGLASSES
HANDBAGS NEW ARRIVALS
MORE HANDBAGS
SHOULDER BAGS
CROSSBODY BAGS
TOP HANDLES
HOBOS AND BUCKETS
CLUTCHES AND EVENING
PANIERS AND TOTES
MINI BAGS
VIEW ALL BAGS
SHIRTS AND TOPS
CASSANDRE shirt in cotton poplin
pajama set in dotted silk chiffon
pajama set in broderie anglaise and muslin
CASSANDRE shirt in striped cotton
CASSANDRE shirt in striped cotton poplin
shirt in striped cotton
oxford shirt in cotton
prairie blouse in silk satin
poet blouse in plaid silk
shirt in cotton poplin
lavallière blouse in tartan silk charmeuse
CASSANDRE shirt in tartan silk crepe
CASSANDRE lavallière shirt in cotton tartan
READY TO WEAR
DENIM
MICK long jeans in norwegian blue denim
MICK long jeans in westwood black denim
MICK long jeans in nonza blue denim
MICK long jeans in midnight black denim
Mick Jeans in Charlotte Blue denim
Mick Jeans in Black Denim
CASSANDRE overshirt in cotton linen gabardine
overshirt in cotton twill
embroidered overshirt in wool check
overshirt in corduroy
pants in corduroy
low-rise pants in corduroy
wide-leg pants in corduroy
twist cuff in jasper, dalmatian jasper, and metal
twist cuff in apatite and metal
twist cuff in chalcedony, moss agate, and metal
TEARDROP DOME CUFF IN METAL
disk cuff in metal
BUMPY STACKED CUFF IN METAL
GROOVE CUFF IN METAL
TORTOISESHELL STACKED CUFF IN RESIN AND METAL
plateau dome cuff in metal
Mini VOLTAIRE top handle bag in canvas
Mini VOLTAIRE TOP HANDLE bag in BOX SAINT LAURENT
4 Colors
Mini VOLTAIRE top handle bag in osier
Mini VOLTAIRE TOP HANDLE bag in patent leather
Mini VOLTAIRE top handle bag in lizard
VOLTAIRE top handle in BOX SAINT LAURENT
Mini VOLTAIRE in BOX SAINT LAURENT
8 Colors
Mini VOLTAIRE in lizard
Y
COLLEGE
ENVELOPE
SHOPPING
VIEW ALL HANDBAGS
WALLETS ON CHAIN
CASSANDRE ENVELOPE CHAIN WALLET IN LAMBSKIN
7 Colors
CASSANDRE envelope chain wallet in lambskin
CASSANDRE envelope chain wallet in patent leather
CASSANDRE ENVELOPE CHAIN WALLET IN GRAIN DE POUDRE LEATHER
CASSANDRE envelope chain wallet in canvas
CLASSIC CASSANDRE CHAIN WALLET IN GRAIN DE POUDRE LEATHER
SMALL LEATHER GOODS
LEGAL NOTICES
WCAG
UPDATE : 2025
WCAG (WEB CONTENT ACCESSIBILITY GUIDELINES)
© KERING 2024
small JAMIE SHOPPING in suede
JAMIE SHOPPING SMALL IN LAMBSKIN
small JAMIE SHOPPING in lambskin
LOULOU large in MATELASSÉ lambskin
5 Colors
LOULOU medium in MATELASSÉ lambskin
9 Colors
MEN
shirt in CASSANDRE stripe silk crepe de chine
CASSANDRE shorts in striped silk crepe de chine
SL 796
CASSANDRE micro envelope in grained leather
CASSANDRE envelope card case in grained leather
CASSANDRE envelope key case in grained leather
SL 799
shirt in square silk
SAINT LAURENT pajama shorts in square silk
oval ring bracelet in leather
RESORT
WALLETS
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ SMALL ENVELOPE WALLET IN LAMBSKIN
CASSANDRE wallet in lambskin
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ small envelope wallet in grain de poudre leather
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ SMALL ENVELOPE WALLET IN GRAIN DE POUDRE LEATHER
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ coin card wallet in lambskin
6 Colors
CASSANDRE change purse in lambskin
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ wallet in patent leather
CASSANDRE bracelet in 18K grey gold
CASSANDRE bracelet in 18K yellow gold
CASSANDRE bracelet in 18K grey gold and diamonds
CASSANDRE stud earring in 18K grey gold
CASSANDRE stud earring in 18K grey gold and diamonds
CASSANDRE stud earring in 18K yellow gold
CASSANDRE chain ring in 18K yellow gold
CASSANDRE ring in 18K grey gold and diamonds
CASSANDRE ring in 18K grey gold
wide bamboo cuff in 18K yellow gold
thin cuff in 18K yellow gold
bamboo cuff in 18K yellow gold
CASSANDRE bangle in 18K yellow gold
CASSANDRE hinged bangle in 18K grey gold
CASSANDRE bangle in 18K grey gold
SHOES NEW ARRIVALS
SEE ALL SHOES
FORMAL
DERBIES
LOAFERS
BOOTS
SNEAKERS
JavaScript is not available.
We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.
Help Center
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.
CARD CASES
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ card case in lambskin
11 Colors
CASSANDRE card case in lambskin
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ card case in grain de poudre leather
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ card case in patent leather
Saint Laurent Paris Card case in coated bark leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS card case in BOX SAINT LAURENT
SL M152
SL 557 SHADE
SL 567
SL M94
SL 276 MICA
LEATHER AND COATS
bomber jacket in plunged lambskin
bomber jacket in bubbled lambskin
bomber jacket in grained leather and shearling
bomber jacket in vintage grained lambskin and shearling
bomber jacket in aged lambskin
oversized jacket in shiny plunged lambskin
oversized jacket in grained leather
Bomber Jacket in Lambskin
bomber jacket in nubuck
bomber jacket in lambskin
jacket in cotton canvas
jacket in puppytooth
CASSANDRE bomber jacket in wool check
COATS AND TRENCH
long coat in wool
long coat in cashmere
long coat in grain de poudre
long coat in wool check
Coat in double-face wool
coat in water-repellent canvas
Coat in water-repellant canvas
peacoat in double-face felt
trench cape in cotton twill
trench coat in cotton gabardine
KNITWEAR
T-shirt sweater in wool
V-neck sweater in cashmere
V-neck sweater in wool
cardigan in wool
CASSANDRE top in knit
turtleneck sweater in cashmere, wool and silk
cashmere sweater
CASSANDRE sweater in cashmere
LE LOAFER supple in eel
LE LOAFER supple in shiny leather
LE LOAFER supple in suede
LE LOAFER supple in matte leather
LAURENT loafers in suede
LE LOAFER foldable in eel
ALAIN slippers in smooth leather
PLAZA mules in smooth leather
WIM derbies in smooth leather
LINO derbies in smooth leather
HARVEY derbies in smooth leather
ADRIEN oxfords in box saint laurent leather
ADRIEN derbies in glazed leather
VADIM derbies in glazed leather
ARMY derbies in smooth leather
ANTOINE derbies in smooth leather
ANTOINE derbies in glazed leather
GABRIEL derbies in patent leather
GABRIEL derbies in faille
GABRIEL loafers in patent leather and velvet
LE 5 À 7 supple LARGE in grained leather
LE 5 À 7 supple large in grained leather
LE 5 À 7 supple large in suede
LE 5 À 7 supple small IN GRAINED LEATHER
LE 5 À 7 supple small in suede
Le 37 in shiny leather
LE 37 in shiny leather
JERSEY
SAINT LAURENT HOODIE
SAINT LAURENT hoodie
CASSANDRE SWEATSHIRT
Saint Laurent Hoodie
LONG SLEEVES T-SHIRT
CASSANDRE TANK TOP
Cassandre Tank Top
SAINT LAURENT T-SHIRT
SAINT LAURENT T-shirt
jacket in wool
jacket in prince of wales wool flannel
SL 795 JOE
BOLD hobo bag in leather
BOLD hobo bag in smooth leather
jacket in brushed herringbone wool
LONG GLOVES IN LEATHER AND SILK
JOE chelsea boots in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT 17+
Yves Saint Laurent
iPhone Screenshots
Description
Discover another dimension of Saint Laurent. With exclusive content and functionalities, the Saint Laurent Application creates an immersive experience beyond the runway. - Explore looks, films, and recent fashion shows - Curate personalized shopping edits and schedule in-store appointments - Build outfits and get inspired with current pieces - Receive alerts for upcoming shows and events Download the latest version of the Saint Laurent Application, updated regularly.
What’s New
Version 7.1.5
This new update enhances the shopping experience and corrects minor defects.
Ratings and Reviews
35 Ratings
It glitches and bugs out sometimes but if you refresh it’s good.
The app works seamlessly. Aside from shopping, the addition to view past collections, shows, RIVE DROITE, etc, are an excellent touch.
Clean and luxe app - aligned with my brand expectations
App Privacy
The developer, Yves Saint Laurent , indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .
The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:
The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More
Information
English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish
You Might Also Like
YSLBeautyWallet
CHANEL FASHION
Maison Valentino
CHANEL Fragrance and Beauty
CHANEL Haute Couture
Rebag
Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
PUMPS AND SLINGBACKS
VENDOME slingback pumps in patent leather
VENDOME slingback pumps in glazed leather
BABYLONE BRETEUIL slingback pumps in smooth leather
JEANNE slingback pumps in smooth leather
JEANNE slingback pumps in glazed leather
ANNE-MARIE slingback pumps in smooth leather
MISTY slingback pumps in python
VENDOME slingback pumps in smooth leather
MANON pumps in shantung silk
AIMÉE slingback pumps in satin crepe
CASES AND HOLDERS
SAINT LAURENT PARIS PASSPORT CASE IN LACQUERED LEATHER
Saint Laurent Paris passport case in smooth leather
Saint Laurent Paris passport case in ripple leather
TINY CASSANDRE passport case in smooth leather
TINY CASSANDRE passport case in grained leather
TINY CASSANDRE passport case in matte leather
TINY CASSANDRE PASSPORT CASE IN CROCODILE-EMBOSSED LEATHER
CASSANDRE passport case in grain de poudre leather
SAINT LAURENT passport case in vegetable-tanned leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS cigarette box in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS cigarette box in vegetable-tanned leather
SL 747
SL 838 LARGE
SL 761
SL 798
SL 789
Strange Way Of Life
A film directed by Pedro Almodóvar
watch the trailer
SAINT LAURENT PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS
Retouched photographs
WOMEN'S Y BAG
MEN'S Y BAG
MAGLINA STRAW BUCKET HAT
VISOR IN STRAW WITH SCARF
CASSANDRE bucket hat in canvas
SAINT LAURENT vintage cap in corduroy
SAINT LAURENT cap in gabardine
CASSANDRE cap in washed denim
Y varsity cap in gabardine
Baseball cap CASSANDRE in felt
SAINT LAURENT vintage cap in cashmere
SAINT LAURENT knit baseball cap in cashmere
UPTOWN chain wallet in micro raffia
CASSANDRE phone holder in smooth leather
CASSANDRE phone case in smooth leather
ALL BAG S
BACKPACKS
MESSENGER
RIVE GAUCHE
SAINT LAURENT PARIS
SOLFERINO
TOTES
TRAVEL BAGS
BAGS
Y Large tote in leather
Y Large tote in smooth leather
Y maxi tote in grained leather
Y MAXI tote in suede
Y MAXI tote in leather
GIANT BOWLING bag in crocodile-embossed leather
GIANT BOWLING bag in suede
GIANT BOWLING bag in soft grained leather
giant BOWLING tote in grained leather
BOWLING duffle bag in smooth leather
BOWLING duffle bag in grained leather
LE 37 in woven raffia and vegetable-tanned leather
LE 37 in rope and leather
ICARE in raffia
CASSANDRE large envelope pouch in raffia
CASSANDRE large envelope pouch in rope
SAINT LAURENT cap in corduroy
CASSANDRE CUFFED GLOVES IN LEATHER AND WOOL
gauntlet gloves in lambskin
CASSANDRE short gloves in lambskin and cashmere
MIDNIGHT large clutch in smooth leather
minaudière in brushed leather
Midnight small clutch in smooth leather
MIDNIGHT small clutch in satin
CASSANDRE XXL envelope pouch on chain in lambskin
SAINT LAURENT CLUTCH large in pony hair leather
NUIT BLANCHE in satin and crystals
NUIT BLANCHE in brushed leather
EVENING supple pouch in silk
LETTER large pouch on chain in leather
LETTER pouch on chain in shiny lizard
SAC DE JOUR in smooth leather – baby
SAC DE JOUR IN SMOOTH LEATHER - NANO
SAC DE JOUR in smooth leather – nano
SAC DE JOUR IN CROCODILE-EMBOSSED LEATHER - NANO
SAC DE JOUR in patent leather - nano
SAC DE JOUR bauletto bag in BOX SAINT LAURENT
SAC DE JOUR bauletto bag in BOX SAINT LAURENT - SMALL
GIFTS
SL M94 RIM
VOLTAIRE passport case in BOX SAINT LAURENT
TRAVEL
SAC DE JOUR thin large in grained leather
Sac de Jour thin large in grained leather
sac de jour thin large in grained leather
sac de jour large in grained leather
CAMP maxi duffle bag in smooth leather
sac de jour north/south in grained leather
SAC DE JOUR 48H duffel in nylon and leather
sac de jour 48h duffle bag in grained leather
SEE ALL ACCESSORIES
OTHER ACCESSORIES
JAMIE large pochon in lambskin
JAMIE large pochon in suede
JAMIE POCHON in lambskin
JACKETS AND PANTS
pinstripe jacket in brushed wool and cashmere flannel
jacket in wool check
high-rise pinstripe pants in brushed wool and cashmere flannel
high-rise pants in wool
high-rise pants in wool check
jacket in prince of wales wool
RIVE GAUCHE large tote bag in smooth leather
RIVE GAUCHE large tote bag in canvas
Rive Gauche small tote bag in smooth leather
BOLD shopping bag in grained leather
Bold East/West shopping bag in grained leather
SAINT LAURENT hobo in leather
ATTACH YOUR FILE (ACCEPTED FORMAT: .PDF, .PNG, .JPG - MAXIMUM TOTAL SIZE: 1.5MB)
Saint Laurent will use your personal information to respond to your request. For more information about our privacy practices and your rights, please see our Privacy Policy.
Women Fall 25
pleated maxi skirt in prince of wales check
SL 826
pencil skirt in crocodile-embossed leather
SOLFERINO medium in BOX SAINT LAURENT
SOLFERINO medium in suede
long coat in prince of wales wool
KNOCKER EARRINGS IN JASPER AND METAL
MOTORCYCLE belt in leather
culottes in wool check
square buckle belt in leather
1. WHAT IS COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND DO OTHER POLICIES APPLY TO YOU?
2. WHAT SPECIFIC TERMS APPLY TO YOU DEPENDING ON YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE?
3. WHO COLLECTS & USES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
6. WHEN DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
7. HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
8. WHO ARE OUR THIRD-PARTY SOURCES?
9. SHOULD YOU ALWAYS SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH US?
10. FOR HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
11. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
12. WHERE DO WE TRANSFER & STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
13. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
14. HOW DO WE ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN?
15. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
16. CAN THE PRIVACY POLICY CHANGE?
17. DO WE USE COOKIES OR OTHER ONLINE ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGIES?
18. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
APPENDIX 1 - Specific information for Australian residents ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
APPENDIX 2 - Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, SAUDI ARABIA, Mexico, Chile, South Korea OR AZERBAIJAN about the use of your personal information
APPENDIX 3 - Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents
Appendix 4 – Specific information for Californian residents
This privacy policy covers situations where we, Saint Laurent, access, collect, store, process, use, disclose or transfer your personal information in paper or electronic form. It also covers situations where approved partners or other members of Kering use your personal information on our behalf.
In some cases, other policies apply to you. It may be the case when you use certain products or services, and in this event:
You will be notified of these other policies while using the products or services they apply to.
Such policies will supersede this privacy policy unless they expressly refer to it.
This privacy policy does not cover products or services you might use as provided by other companies acting on their own account.
Our privacy policy does not extend to services provided by other companies acting on their own account, such as franchisees and licensees or when you share information through social media (WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.), or other online platforms owned and managed by other companies. These other companies have their own privacy policies in place, so remember that the way they use any personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Want to know more? You may be interested in the following sections of our Privacy Policy:
Who collects & uses your personal information?
With whom do we share your personal information?
What are your rights regarding your personal information?
The protection of your personal information is an essential part of our activities. In order to provide you with a personalized experience, we will apply the data protection laws of your country of residence. This approach would also be consistent with consumer laws of the country of your habitual residence, and would hence allow us to better meet your expectations regarding the protection of your personal information.
If you are a resident of any of the following countries/regions, please make sure that you refer to the Annex containing specific information for your jurisdiction:
If you are an Australian resident, please refer to Appendix 1 - Specific information for Australian residents about the use of your personal information to obtain information about the reasons for which we may process your personal information;
If you are a resident of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Chile, South Korea or Azerbaijan, please refer to Appendix 2 - Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Chile, South Korea or Azerbaijan about the use of your personal information to obtain information about the reasons for which we may process your personal information and the legal bases we may use;
If you are a resident of the United States or Guam, please refer to Appendix 3 - Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents to obtain information about how and when we may use your phone number to send you messages;
If you are a Californian resident, please refer to Appendix 4 – Specific information for Californian residents to obtain information about the categories of personal information we may use, the sale of your personal information and your rights over your personal information.
We, Saint Laurent, act as the “data controller”, which means that we determine “why” and “how” your personal information is collected and used. We are a corporation located in 37 RUE DU CHERCHE MIDI, 75006 PARIS, France and registered under number 493 323 406 with the company registry of Paris.
To be able to deliver our products and services to you, we need to share your personal information with approved partners or other members of Kering who generally act as our "data processors". All are bound by an obligation to implement appropriate security measures to protect personal information in their possession and are bound by a strict confidentiality agreement and specific contractual terms on "how" and "when" they are allowed to use your personal information on our behalf.
Please be aware that certain approved partners, such as our franchisees and licensees or social media, could also determine "why" and "how" your personal information is used. They have their own privacy and cookies policies, so remember that the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Your local legislation may not refer to the terms "data controller" or "data processor", but respectively to terms such as "data user", "owner", "business", "responsible party", etc., and as "data intermediary", "operator", etc. In order to understand our role, please note that we, Saint Laurent Trading Limited, are the entity who decides on the methods and purposes of the processing of your personal information by determining "why" and "how" your personal information is collected and used. Our "data processors" are entities who use your personal information on our behalf by receiving instructions from us on "how" and "when" they are allowed to use it.
Why do we collect your personal information?
How do we collect your personal information?
Saint Laurent will collect, record, hold, organize, structure, store, update, adapt, combine, consult, use, transfer and disclose your personal information for the purposes described in this section. Your personal information will not be further used for purposes incompatible or inconsistent with the purposes for which it was collected, unless permitted by the applicable legislation.
The processing of your personal information will comply with your privacy legislation and rely on the legal bases set out in this section. The legal bases listed in this section will also apply when we share your data with third parties (as listed in the section With whom do we share your personal information?) for the purposes mentioned below.
If you would like more information on the purposes and legal bases, you can contact us at privacy@ysl.com (or see How can you contact us?).
The processing of your personal information will rely on the legal bases set out below, unless you are a resident of one of the follo wing countries:
If you are an Australian resident, please jump to Appendix 1 - Specific information for Australian residents about the use of your personal information.
If you are a resident of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Mexico, Chile, Saudi Arabia, South Korea or Azerbaijan , please jump to Appendix 2 - Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Mexico, Chile, Saudi Arabia, South Korea or Azerbaijan about the use of your personal information.
A. To provide you with the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested
We will use your personal information to manage our relationship with you and to perform our obligations under the contract you conclude with us when you purchase or otherwise request products or services from us. This can cover various activities such as internal accounting, processing your payment or delivery.
To provide you with the products and services you have requested, we will access, collect, store, process, use, disclose and transfer your personal information for invoicing, payment management and internal accounting.
Some of the operations mentioned above can be implemented by partners of ours as identified in section “With whom do we share your personal information?” below, in particular the registration, payment and delivery of your order. Your information may be communicated, used or collected directly via the information system of our partner.
Certain specific information may be required to provide you with gift cards, customization services, or when you reserve a product or a service, request the repair of a product, or purchase products or services by phone, or on our website or a marketplace, including our restaurant's bookings. In such cases, we could access, collect, store and use your personal information for delivery, warehouse and return management, or to register your table’s booking in one of our restaurants.
During your visit to our store, we may need to collect your information in order to allow you to access our premises or when you wish to obtain a particular service: request for tax on products or in connection with our after-sales service, etc.
The purposes for which we process your personal information are as follows:
The processing of your personal information is justified on the following legal basis:
Providing you with the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested either in our stores or online. This involves any action necessary to perform our obligations under the sale or service contract you conclude with us (processing of your payment, delivery, return management, etc.)
Performance of a contract
B. To manage your Saint Laurent profile.
Once you have requested us to create your Saint Laurent profile, via Saint Laurent websites or any other means, including our customer service, your personal information will be linked to this profile, where we will keep all the information we have on you. This could include personal information we obtain directly from you as well as from other sources in accordance with applicable legislation. This could also include information about the purchases made when checking out as a guest or when checking out using a profile. The information in your Saint Laurent profile is crucial to provide you with the Saint Laurent personalized and tailored experience, and in some cases is necessary in order to access to some specific services or to purchase from our website, and thus it needs to be kept up to date for the best experience.
Once you have asked us to create your Saint Laurent profile, we will supplement it with personal information such as your purchases, preferences and contact details. In this context, please be aware that we use personal identification information, such as your email address or phone number, to link an interaction or a purchase with your Saint Laurent profile. This also applies when checking-out as a guest on our website when making a purchase, as mentioned above, or in case you bind your social media open ID account with your Saint Laurent profile (by using dedicated QR Codes for example). In addition, we may use your date of birth to determine that you are old enough to use our services.
In order to keep your personal information accurate, we will take every reasonable step to ensure that personal information we hold is properly updated. Subject to your applicable privacy legislation you may have the right to have your information rectified at any time, and in any event please let us know if any of your information needs updating or correcting, and we will make our best efforts to detect and correct inaccurate personal information (data cleansing) and delete any duplicated dataset. This may require us to correct typographical errors or inconsistent personal information.
Administering, managing and maintaining your Saint Laurent profile once you have requested us to create it. This could include data cleansing and deduplication.
Performance of a contract or our legitimate interest (where applicable) Once your profile has been created upon your request, to supplement it with the personal information you provide us during our interactions and thus ensure we retain the most accurate and up-to-date version of your profile (and such legitimate interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
C. To provide you with tailored customer service and assistance.
You should have the same unified experience no matter how we communicate. Whether this happens in our stores, on our website, by chat, by phone or by video, and whether you contact us or we contact you, we want to provide you with relevant and tailored customer service.
For this purpose of providing you the Saint Laurent experience, we will collect, store, process, use, disclose and transfer your personal information and other information you submit to us to be able to identify you, to provide service to you, or to improve our products or services. This will allow us to provide you with the tailored assistance you are asking for or to share relevant information with you. In addition, when you contact us, we may retain the personal information or other information you share with us to always provide you with such a customised and personalised experience. This could happen if you are an existing or potential customer. Your personal information will be linked to your Saint Laurent profile, if you have requested us to create one, or to a temporary record. Any messages you send us in any chat may be recorded or monitored for customer service or other reasons.
To provide you with a smooth and enjoyable customer experience, know you better to provide you with tailored answers, and to improve the quality and security of our services, we may rely on your consent, proceed in accordance with our contract with you, or take all reasonable steps to enter into a contract with you, or rely on our legitimate interest to improve our services.
We will use the information we have about you to try to identify you when you contact us (whether by phone, video chat, text message, chat, social media, etc.). When we can identify you, we will be able to access personal information available in your SAINT LAURENT profile or in your temporary record, to know when you have previously interacted with us and to provide you with the tailored assistance you are asking for. This could include real-time or subsequent monitoring of your interaction with us (for example on our website or in a store) to identify the products you are looking at or what could be your specific need.
To provide you with adequate customer service, you may be asked if you need further assistance when you are on our website or in a store. On our website, if you do not want to be contacted, kindly close the chat navigation window. This service was implemented for you to enjoy the same service as in one of our physical stores.
If we are not able to identify you, we may create a temporary record to allow you to have a unified purchase experience. Indeed, however you interact with us, we will do our best to avoid asking you again for information you have already shared with us.
Your personal information, in particular your SAINT LAURENT profile if you have created one or the temporary record we may create about you, could enable our sales associates to contact you directly in relation to the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested, such as when a product becomes available again or when an order you have placed has been received in store, or to share with you any other information you have requested from us.
In addition, the monitoring of our interaction (including, with prior notice to you, via voice or video recording - such as real time listening or analysis - or listening in real time) enables us to improve the quality and safety of our services and to provide you with tailored answers.
All our customers are important to us. However, some of our customers and potential customers benefit from a more personalized experience due to the important relationship they keep with SAINT LAURENT. Our teams may need to collect and gather information on such customers or potential customers in order to identify personalities who correspond to the image and values of SAINT LAURENT to offer them unique support. This may be the case when you participate in one of our selective projects or when our Sales Associates offers you to participate in events or contacts you for certain special occasions (for your birthdays or for a particular event of your life).
Administering, managing and maintaining your SAINT LAURENT profile
This will be done if you have requested us to create your SAINT LAURENT profile and if we are able to identify you. We will supplement your SAINT LAURENT profile with the personal information you provide us with when you contact us or when we contact you. This could include data cleansing and deduplication.
or our legitimate interest (where applicable)
Once your profile has been created upon your request, to supplement it with the personal information you provide us during our interactions and thus ensure we retain the most accurate and up-to-date version of your profile (and such legitimate interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Administering, managing and maintaining a temporary record
This will be done if we are not able to identify you. We will supplement this temporary record with information you provide us with when you contact us or when we contact you, to avoid asking you again for information you have already shared with us and provide with you tailored assistance about our products and services.
Taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
When we are not able to identify you, to supplement a temporary record to provide you tailored assistance (and such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Inbound interaction – Providing you with the products, services or information you may request when you contact us
Performance of a contract or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
Outbound interaction - Contacting you directly in connection with the products, services and information you have requested
To provide you with an adequate answer when our interaction is not related to the formation or performance of a contract (and such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Realtime interaction – To allow you to try on our products virtually or interact with other customers
When we collect information to provide you with relevant assistance about our products or services
Our legitimate interest to provide you with tailored assistance when we are not able to identify you (and when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Or your consent if your facial image is pictured or if your personal information is visible to other customers
Real-time or further monitoring of our interaction , to enable us to improve the quality and safety of our service and provide you with better answers.
This monitoring could be implemented during both inbound and outbound interactions and could be carried out via voice or video recording or listening in real time, with prior notice to you.
Our legitimate interest
When we collect information to improve the quality and safety of our service (and when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Or your consent to cookies
when such monitoring is done on our website via cookies or other online advertising technologies
D. To enable you to receive relevant information and tailored marketing content.
You will receive information and updates about us either at your request (with your prior consent where required by law) or when we are authorised by law to send you such information and updates directly, for instance after a purchase or a reservation within one of our restaurants. Such communication can be global or local, and may include updates about our products and services, notifications, invitations to events, updates on our restaurant's initiatives, offers, surveys, etc.
Our communications will be customised and specifically designed to be of interest to you and will be updated with any new personal information linked to your Saint Laurent profile. We will thus use your personal information to send you tailored communications or other customised advertisements or marketing campaigns. This use of your information includes some profiling activity.
If you are a resident of the United States or Guam, please also see Appendix 3 - Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents for more information about how and when we may use your phone number to send you messages.
When you share your contact information with us, we may use this personal information to contact you through related communication channels (such as text message, MMS, e-mail, post, internet means, social media or telephone), with your consent where required. You can of course request us not to use a particular channel of communication or opt-out (unsubscribe) from it by applying the opt-out option that will always be shared with you. If you want to stop receiving communication from us via all communication channels, please send an email to privacy@ysl.com.
As part of the SAINT LAURENT experience, we will always try to customise and personalise your experience with us. This is why we will use your personal information to send you tailored communications or personalise your journey with us, but only with your prior consent where it is required under applicable privacy legislation. Our communications could include tailored product recommendations we think you might like, personalised marketing content designed to suit your interests, personalised events invitations or, at your request and where available, personalised and customised products. For these purposes, we will use the information you provide to us (for example your date of birth, your country of residence, your preferred means of contact, etc.) and/or jointly or independently, certain patterns we may observe when interacting with you (for example where you prefer buying our products, what type of products you like, which occasions you are shopping for, etc.). With this information, we may create groups of similar customers (called “persona”) to whom we can decide to offer personalised content and experiences both in inbound or outbound interactions. In this context, we may make inferences about you, as derived from your personal information ( profiling ). For example, if you always purchase our products from the same store (specific location or online), we may consider this store as your preferred one. This will allow us to customise your experience with SAINT LAURENT based on your interests and shopping habits (i.e. tailored communication). In order to provide you with such customised and personalised experience, in our stores or online, you may be required to log in or identify yourself.
To enrich your personal information, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies. Via such technologies, we will collect personal information related to your activities on social media and your browsing activity across different websites and devices (for example: to know if you have visited our website after opening a newsletter you have received). Certain technologies may rely on services provided by other companies acting on their own account (such as social media WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or other online platforms). These companies have their own privacy and cookies policies and the way they use the personal information you share with them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
To enrich your personal information, we can match it with personal information held by others (for example, by sharing and matching your information with information held by trusted partners, or by binding your social media open ID account with your SAINT LAURENT profile (by using the dedicated QR Codes for example). This process will only be conducted by using customers’ unique identifiers and reidentification protocols in order to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Personal information linked to your Saint Laurent profile (your identification personal information such as your e-mail address, phone number, social network id, etc.) will enable us to reach you on third-party platforms or to create “ lookalike campaigns”, allowing us to find new people who are likely to be interested in our products because they may be similar to you. We may conduct such campaigns through our website, social media or other communication means such as search engine. When this kind of campaigns are conducted, before it is shared, your personal information is hashed and turned into short fingerprints that cannot be reversed.
Using cookies or other online advertising technologies may also enable us to show you online advertisements that are “contextual” (meaning they are shown according to the webpage you are browsing), or “behavioural” or “interest based” (where advertisements are shown to you based on your interests which we have inferred from your information including demographic, geographic and interest-based data). We may use such advertisements to display products or services that are most relevant to you.
If you no longer want to see customised online advertisements, you may request us to delete your SAINT LAURENT profile or modify your cookie preferences – see “cookies or other online advertising technologies”. In addition, some third-party sites allow you to stop seeing advertisements from specific advertisers, so you may also set your preferences on those websites.
The purposes for which we process your personal information are the following:
The processing of your personal information is justified by the following legal basis:
Sending or presenting you with tailored communication
This includes communication such as updates about our products and services, invitations to events, offers or surveys.
When you share your contact information with us, we will use such personal information to contact you through related communication channels (such as text message, MMS, e-mail, post, internet, social media or telephone).
We will always do our best to provide you with tailored communication based in particular on your interests and shopping habits, and improve and customise our services notably via profiling.
When we are authorised by law to send you such communication without your consent and such communication is within the scope of our contractual relationship
Our legitimate interest in providing you with customised content
When such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights and we are authorised by law to send you such communication without your consent
Your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile
You can always withdraw your consent at any time
Updating and supplementing or enriching your personal information
This includes conducting data cleansing and deduplication.
This also includes enriching your personal information with second party data or information related to your activities on social media and your browsing activity across different websites and devices.
Some of the technologies we use (including cookies) may rely on services provided by other companies acting on their own account (such as social media - WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other online platforms). You may have provided your consent to cookies and other technologies through such platforms . These other companies have their own privacy and cookies policies and the way they use your personal information will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Performance of a contract or compliance with a legal obligation
When such update relates to the administration and management of your SAINT LAURENT profile, including taking actions following a rectification or erasure request.
Any other situation will require your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile
You can always withdraw your consent with us at any time
Creating lookalike campaigns
Lookalike campaigns enables us to reach new people who are likely to be interested in our products because they are similar to you.
Some of the technologies we use (including cookies) may rely on services provided by other companies acting on their account (such as social media - WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other online platforms). You may have provided your consent to cookies and other technologies through such platforms . These other companies have their own privacy and cookies policies and the way they use your personal information will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Your consent when you accept, at the creation of your SAINT LAURENT profile, that we link your personal information to certain patterns ( Profiling ) (for example by accepting to receive tailored communication).
You can always withdraw your consent with us at any time.
Online advertisement
Presenting you with online advertisements that are “contextual”, “behavioural”, “interest- based” or “tailored”, including by using cookies or other online advertising technologies
Your consent tocookies or other online advertising technologies
E. To send you non-marketing communications.
Non-marketing communications may be sent upon your request, and/or may be important for your safety and the security of your personal information.
You may still receive such communications even when you opt-out from certain marketing communications. The information communicated may be necessary for the correct performance of our contract with you or be mandatory to comply with some of our legal obligations.
Non-marketing communications can include, but are not limited to: emailing you to verify your identity when you sign up to our services; emailing you for password and/or username reset; notifying you that a particular service has been or will be suspended for maintenance or terminated; notifying you of an upgrade, a rectification or an incident affecting our services that may involve your personal information; notifying you of an update to our privacy policy or Terms of Use; or informing you about any products or services you have requested or purchased.
We will never contact you to ask for your password. Please be aware if you receive any request for this personal information.
Providing you with the services and information you requested . For example identity verification, password or username reset, etc.
Providing you with the services and information we need to send or provide you . For example information about the suspension of our services, about incidents that may involve your personal information, etc.
Administering and managing your SAINT LAURENT profile once you have requested us to create your SAINT LAURENT profile.
F. To manage our social networks
Saint Laurent manages "Fan" pages available on several social networks. We may need to process the information made available by the different platforms or when you interact with our pages and publications.
G. To conduct our business securely and protect our activities and personnel.
To deliver our products and services safely to you, perform our contract properly or comply with some of our legal obligations, we will implement fraud prevention and detection measures. Such measures will allow us to adequately perform our contract with you and/or protect our legitimate interests in defending ourselves against fraud. We may notably implement measures to ensure that you are complying with our terms and conditions for sales, available in this website, offers and programs, and to prevent and detect non-compliance or fraud by you. This may include reviewing and assessing your dealings with us, your eligibility to participate in certain sales, offers and programs, your compliance with the terms and conditions of such sales, offers and programs, and undertaking enforcement action and/or disciplinary action where such non-compliance or fraud is suspected or identified.
We may use administrative and technical measures to protect, our website, our systems, our networks, transactions occurring on our website or in our stores, and any other necessary means to protect the personal information we may access or store. For this purpose, we may also be required to verify your identity or to take note of any suspicious or actual non-compliance with our terms and conditions or fraud we incurred with respect to your dealings with us. Such measures may also be implemented for compliance purposes or to avoid sharing your personal information with any untrusted third parties. For example, when you purchase a product, your personal information will be associated with a unique code placed into and/or printed on such product so that by reading the unique code we can recognize the order as yours, to enable us to assess your compliance with our terms and conditions or to detect fraud by you, and to take enforcement and/or disciplinary action against you in the event of suspected or identified non-compliance or fraud by you.
In addition, we may implement certain measures to protect and defend our rights and property, our employees and our business partners in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and international conventions. For example, we can monitor our inbound and outbound interaction with our customer service (including via voice or video recording or listening in real-time, with prior notice to you); also, mindful of the health of our employees, and for this sole purpose, we implement an anti-malicious calls procedure so that any occurrence of inappropriate behaviors such as harassment, insults or direct threats from users will be reported to our dedicated team. This will generate a warning to the concerned user, and they will be recorded on our provisional list. The initial warning will set out the consequences of a second incident occurring. A second incident will lead to the suspension of any further calls from the user in question for a period of 4 months. During this period, the user will still be able to contact our customer services by other communication channels (e.g., regular mail or email) so we can attend their queries and preserve their rights at any given time.
Implementing fraud prevention, detection and investigation measures and procedures against inappropriate behaviors against our employees to ensure physical security and cybersecurity, to safely deliver you products and services and to protect the health of our employees, also via voice or video recording or listening in real time both inbound and outbound conversations with our customer service, with prior notice to you.
or our legitimate interests in protecting ourselves against fraud and in protecting our employees against inappropriate behaviors (when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
In accordance with applicable law, implementing compliance-related and privacy-related activities
Compliance with a legal obligation
Where the processing is not prescribed by law but is a regulatory expectation (and such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
In accordance with applicable law, implementing activities related to the protection of intellectual property rights and management of litigation cases
or our legitimate interests in protecting our rights (when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
or the regular exercise of our rights in lawsuits or proceedings, where applicable in your country of residence
H. To assess and better understand our business.
To manage our activities, perform our obligations under our contract with you and comply with our legal obligations, we may need to access and use some of your personal information for finance, management or legal purposes, or business-related analytics & market research activities.
For example, this could occur when we use the invoices we have issued in relation to your purchases for compliance or accountability purposes, or when we analyse personal information to understand the characteristics of our customers (what is the gender proportion, the average age etc.).
In certain limited circumstances, such activity may be based on our legitimate interest when related to business analytics & market research activities
Certain activities which are required when conducting a business may involve the use of your personal information. This could include internal processes (such as finance control, accounting, stock management, production management, internal or external audit), certain legal obligations(for example, record-keeping or tax declaration), or analyses conducted in case of a merger or acquisition.
We may also conduct various business-related analytics & market research activities, which may require us to access or otherwise use some of your personal information, or to send you surveys or customer satisfaction questions in order to gather new or additional information. This notably enables us to analyse and learn how our customers use and interact with us in order to improve products, services and our business in general. It is also important for us to conduct operations that allow us to analyze and measure the performance of our marketing or communications campaigns. This may be the case, for example, when you click on one of our ads on our business partners website or when you make a purchase after viewing one of their ads. Please be aware that to do this, we may usecookies or other online advertising technologies.
Performing activities relating to the sale or service contract you have concluded with us.
For example, accounting, stock management, keeping of records, etc.
Conducting business-related analytics & market research activities
Our legitimate interests in improving our products or services
When such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights.
Your consent, when you answer surveys or customer satisfaction questions or when we usecookies or other online advertising technologies.
Sharing necessary information with actual or potential buyers as part of a business transfer
Our legitimate interest in disclosing information necessary to complete our business transactions
Sharing necessary information with auditors, law firms, similar corporate professional service providers and data analysis providers
Or our legitimate interest of properly carrying out our business including in compliance with applicable legislation and to better understand and improve our business (when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
I. To optimise and manage our website and other means of communication.
We may take certain measures involving the use of your personal information to administer, optimise and improve our means of digital or physical communications such as our website, our mobile application, or face-to-face interaction in our stores.
The use of your personal information will allow us to perform our contractual obligations or improve our services in accordance with our legitimate interest. Of course, when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies requiring us to do so, we will always ensure that we have duly obtained your prior consent.
We may use some of your personal information toadminister, optimise and improve our websites, our applications, our content and our other digital offerings, including the services and products offered through our websites, applications or any other digital means of communication to ensure the most user-friendly online navigation experience. We may use such personal information to fix operational problems such as pages crashing and software bugs. Please be aware that to do this, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies.
Fixing operational problems such as pages crashing and software bugs
Performance of a contract in accordance with the applicable Terms of Use of our services
Your consent to cookies, when we usecookies or other online advertising technologies
You can always withdraw your consent at any time.
Or our legitimate interests when we usecookies or other online advertising technologies for which consent is not required under applicable law
When such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights
Understanding how our means of communication are used and administer, optimise and improve them.
This can include auditing the downloading of personal information from the Website.
Your consent to cookies, when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies
Or our legitimate interests to administer and improve our means of communication and other systems, in particularwhen using cookies or other online advertising technologies for which consent is not required under applicable law
When our legitimate interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights
When you interact with us or our approved partners, you may provide us with the following categories of personal information (that may include sensitive information in accordance with applicable legislation).
If you are a Californian resident, please see the section "What personal information do we collect?" in Appendix 4 – Specific information for Californian residents.
A. Identifiers & Saint Laurent profile information
This set of personal information enables us to identify you, manage your Saint Laurent profile, provide you with customer service and assistance and, in some cases, to contact you, including by sending you relevant information and tailored marketing content on the ground of the legal bases set out in this privacy policy.
The list below is provided to give you an overview of the type of information we may collect. However, the collection of this information is not systematic: only the information necessary to fulfill each purpose will be collected and used.
It could include, when your applicable privacy legislation allows us to collect such personal information, your first name, last name, pseudonym, signature, email address, postal address, date of birth, place of birth, login name, phone number, unique personal identifier, customer number, online identifier, social media accounts (and related information collected through social log-in), gender, country of residence, image (in case of videocall with our sale assistants), lifestyle/interests, Internet Protocol (IP) address, account name, social security number, state identification card, driver’s license number, passport number, nationality, or other similar identifiers, physical characteristics or description (for example characteristics such as your size where relevant to the products and services we would offer you), and certain personal financial information.
We will take steps to minimise information that is collected to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed. In some cases, the creation of your SAINT LAURENT profile will be mandatory in order to access to some specific services or to purchase from our website.
In some countries, some personal information could be considered sensitive, special or protected. We will collect and use such information only where no other option is available, and always comply with the applicable privacy legislation to collect, protect and use safely your personal information (in particular, by seeking your consent where required).
If you are an employee of a Kering entity, we may process certain information regarding your employment, and we invite you to refer to the employee privacy policy that has been made available to you.
B. Transaction information & commercial information (including audio)
This set of personal information enables us to provide you with the products and services you have requested, manage your Saint Laurent profile, provide you with relevant customer service and assistance, secure our communications and to manage and better understand our business.
It could include personal information on the products and services you purchase, obtain or consider, their price, size, collection, when the product was bought, if it was returned, product defects, comments you made on the product or the service we have provided to you, purchasing and consumer histories or trends, etc. This could also include personal financial information relating to how you paid for your products or your bank details when you request a refund, or audio recordings (and their transcript) when you contact our customer service . We will take steps to minimise information that is collected to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed.
SAINT LAURENT may also have included unique codes or small devices (such as RFID or NFC tags) in the products you have purchased, for fraud prevention purposes (in particular to manage the supply chains, identify unauthorized sales or other cases of fraud or non-compliance with our terms and conditions of sale, and be able to confirm the authenticity of the products) and to provide you with information you may request about the products (including about their authenticity and how to take care of them). Following your interaction with such technologies, you may create a SAINT LAURENT profile (if you do not already have one), in which case we could collect some of your personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Some personal information (including the reference number of the devices contained in the products you have purchased) will be linked to your SAINT LAURENT profile when you identify yourself in the stores, through customer services or on our website. In addition, when contacting our customer service, we may record your conversation with prior notice to you.
Under certain applicable privacy legislation, particular transaction and commercial details are considered sensitive. We will collect, store and use such personal information with the highest level of care in accordance with the applicable legislation and with your consent where required.
C. Personal life information and inferences
This set of personal information enables us to always offer you the optimum service by understanding you better. We use it to manage your Saint Laurent profile, provide you with relevant customer service and assistance and also, in certain circumstances, to contact you for example by sending you relevant information, updates and tailored marketing content.
It could include your preferences regarding fashion events, how you have used certain products, food allergies when you explicitly choose to share this information with us, personal information regarding your relationships, including about your family members, your friends, or the people you send invitations to, for example if you indicate to us that you will offer them a gift or if you invite them to join a SAINT LAURENT program (if you have obtained their consent to share such information with us, where this is required by applicable law), your life habits, how you use our website or third-party websites such as social media, your answers to our surveys or any other personal information we may collect when it is directly or indirectly linked to you. We may draw inferences from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you, reflecting your preferences, characteristics, trends, predispositions, aptitudes and attitudes.
Under certain applicable privacy legislation, some personal life information is considered sensitive. In this context, we will collect, store and use such personal information only where no other option is available and with the highest level of care in compliance with the applicable privacy legislation (including with your consent where required).
D. User-generated content
This set of personal information enables you to provide us with personal information relating to you or to third parties. In certain circumstances it enables us to contact you.
It could include pictures of you (including the picture(s) taken with virtual try-on) or other individuals, or any other type of content such as texts, feedbacks, opinions, personal information regarding other individuals you may provide us with (for example when participating in a contest or sharing personal information with our sales associates or through social media), “tagging” or “liking” our social media page or any content published by us, or any personal information you may provide in the public domain. You may remove such content at any time if you no longer want us to use it.
You shall avoid sharing third-party personal information through such means or you should ensure that they have given prior authorisation to such sharing.
E. Technical, electronic & localisation information
This set of personal information enables better delivery of the service you expect from us.
It could include personal information related to your interactions with us and allows us to manage your Saint Laurent profile, provide relevant customer service and tailored marketing content, establish communications and conduct our business securely, assess and better understand our business, and optimise and manage our website and other means of communication.
This could happen in a store (e.g. when a purchase is made in a specific store and then linked to a SAINT LAURENT profile), or when contacting our customer services (why do you contact us? what means have you used?) or when using our website (do you use tablets, phones, computers? what use are you making of our website?).
Some personal information will be shared with us automatically from the device or the service provider you are using (e.g. social media). We can collect personal information shared by your device such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers (device identifier), browser type, time zone settings, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location); online activity (such as your internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements) and other technical personal information or personal information shared by the service provider. Such service providers have their own privacy and cookies policies, so remember that the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
In addition, we may be able to collect personal information on how you have interacted with us, including certain personal navigation information (including the pages accessed and links clicked, bugs and errors, browsing patterns) and your preferences (such as your language preference).
Some of this personal information may be collected using cookies or other online advertising technologies.
When you interact with us, either online or in person, you may share with us your personal information when:
You buy a product or subscribe to a service;
You create a Saint Laurent profile, join our loyalty scheme, participate in a contest, join a reward program or link your social media account to your Saint Laurent profile;
You subscribe to our newsletter;
You interact with us or seek advice and share personal information through our websites, our social media pages, our sales associates in a store or via chat, phone or video calls, at a trade show, at events or through our customer services also through phone calls, or you book a table at one of your restaurants or an appointment via our website;
You use your device to browse activity across different websites;
A personal shopper, or any other agent acting on your behalf interacts with us in particular to buy a product or subscribe to a service for you;
Your information is shared with us by our approved partners, with your prior consent where required.
What personal information do we collect?
What personal information do we collect from third-party sources?
We mainly obtain information directly from you and process them by automated means when you interact with us. When you interact with us, either online or in person, we collect your personal information through:
Our sales associates (in stores or via chat, phone or video call) or our customer services (for example by phone or chat) when you share personal information with us;
Our websites or our applications, whether you are registered or not, by completing surveys, registration processes or forms. We may also use cookies or other online advertising technologies for this purpose;
Any means we make available to you - for example, when you buy a product, we may collect certain personal information relating to your payment such as the purchase price and date and product reference (we do not keep any of your personal banking information for longer than necessary to complete the transaction);
From third-party sources such as social media.
More broadly, we collect your personal information through any means you may use to interact with our sales associates, whether in our stores or through our customer services via phone, email, chat or text message. Our sales associates or customer services may use various means to collect your personal information during or after the interaction.
In addition, we may obtain personal information from services provided by other companies to update or supplement your personal information, for example when you link your social media profile with your SAINT LAURENT profile. These companies have their own privacy and cookies policies in place, so remember that the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours
We mainly obtain information directly from you. From time to time, we may also obtain information on you from third-party sources.
We will only gather such information when the third parties either have obtained your consent or are otherwise legally allowed to share such information. In certain limited circumstances, some third parties may be required to disclose your personal information to us.
For more information on our sharing of information with these third-party sources, please refer to the section With whom do we share your personal information?
Our third-party source categories could include:
A. Our retailers and distributors, as they can collect your personal information when you interact with them;
B. Our affiliates and subsidiaries;
C. Our event partners, as you can share certain personal information when you interact with them;
D. Social media in accordance with their own privacy policies;
E. Our technology partners and market research organisations;
F. Our business and approved partners;
G. Vendors who provide services on our behalf;
H. From your devices, such as when you visit our websites;
I. Your family or friends, such as when they provide us with your contact information, so we can send information that may interest you;
J. Online advertising companies;
K. Consumer reporting agencies;
L. Consumer data resellers (for example, in connection with online advertising);
M. Enforcement or judicial authorities or any other public authority; and
N. Government entities.
You may not always be required to provide us with the personal information that we are asking you for: any personal information that is required is clearly marked as mandatory.
When you do not wish to share certain personal information with us, you may simply not provide it to us, or opt-out of the processing of your personal information when this option is offered to you.
However, if you choose not to provide certain personal information, you may not be able to benefit from some of our services or to purchase certain products for which the provision of such personal information is necessary.
We may ask you to provide us with personal information to meet certain legal requirements. In such cases, we will notify you in due time and advise you as to whether your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
We retain your personal information only for as long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. Please see additional explanations below.
When you create an Saint Laurent profile, we are retaining your personal information connected to such profile (as listed in the section WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?) for 5 years from the last interaction you initiated with Saint Laurent;
When you sign up exclusively to receive updates about Saint Laurent’s new activities, exclusive products, tailored services, we retain your personal information for 3 years from the last interaction you initiated with us;
When you interact with our customer services, we retain the recordings of the calls for 30 days (unless a longer retention period is permitted by law). When we are unable to link your interaction to your Saint Laurent profile, we will retain the other personal information you share with us by e-mail, chat, text or instant message for 3 years after this interaction with Saint Laurent.
Please note the above retention rules will not apply in the following circumstances : where we are legally required to retain your personal information for a shorter or longer period (in such a case, we will retain your personal information as long as this legal requirement is applicable); or in case of an actual or reasonably potential dispute (in such a case, we will retain your personal information until said dispute concludes).
Last interaction shall be defined as the last contact you initiated which is traceable by our systems or by one of our employees. Last contact could be the last time a call, sales email, short message, in-app message or meeting was proposed to you and to which you responded favorably. For instance, clicking on a link included in an email (except for a link to unsubscribe from receiving marketing content), having a chat on our website or attending an appointment in one of our stores are considered a last contact. Conversely, opening an email or visiting our website without logging in would not qualify as last contact. Before deleting your personal information from your Saint Laurent or customer profile, we will contact you to inform you of such deletion and you may ask us to keep your personal information. By not answering you agree to the deletion of any personal information that we are not legally obliged to keep for longer in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements. We will destroy your personal information without delay once it is no longer necessary (e.g., if the purposes of collection/use of the personal information have been accomplished, if the statutory retention period expires) in a way that prevents such personal information from being restored or recovered. If printed on paper, the personal information will be destroyed by shredding, incinerating, or some other similar methods and, if saved in electronic form, the personal information will be destroyed by technical methods which ensure that the personal information cannot be restored or recovered thereafter. In case of an actual or reasonably potential dispute, we may also retain your personal information for longer according to the applicable statute of limitations so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.
It is also possible that certain information which we consider to be important for Saint Laurent history or patrimony may be retained by us for longer periods exclusively for archival purposes, for historical purposes or for statistical purposes. This may be the case when some of our notable customers have benefited from our services or bought our products.
Additional information for South Korean residents:
We may retain certain personal information in accordance with the following legal requirements:
Records on contracts and withdrawal of subscriptions: 5 years (as required under the Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce Transactions)
Records on consumer complaints and processing of disputes: 3 years (as required under the Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce Transactions)
Records of log-ins: 3 months (as required under the Protection of Communications Secrets Act)
Want to know more? You may be interested in the following sections of our Privacy Policy
We, Saint Laurent, are strongly committed to keeping your personal information safe.
To do so, we design our services with your safety in mind. Within our group, we have dedicated teams managing and ensuring the security and privacy of your personal information. We have adopted specific technical and organisational security measures, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access.
For example, whenever personal information is passed between your device and our servers, we ensure that it is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") and/or other security methods. We implement Hyper Text Transfer Protocol over Secure Socket Layer ("HTTPS") in order to protect your connection to our website. All your personal information is stored on secured servers.
We have also established a specialised personal information security management system. For example, we strictly control the scope of authorisation of our employees who have access to the personal information that we collect and process. We thus disclose or provide access to your personal information only on a strict need to know basis to our employees or to the third parties listed in the section With whom do we share your personal information?, and only through secured systems. We regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against any unauthorised access and use.
We conduct security and privacy protection training courses and tests on a regular basis to enhance our employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. We take commercially reasonable steps to make sure that our business partners and third-party service providers are able to protect your personal information. Our employees and those of our business partners and third-party service providers who have access to your personal information are subject to enforceable contractual obligations of confidentiality and specific contractual privacy provisions.
In the event of a security incident resulting in any breach of personal information, as qualified by law, we have an emergency response plan in place to prevent the expansion of such security incidents. In addition, we will report such personal information breach to the relevant supervisory authority as required by applicable law, and inform you via an appropriate channel as and where required by applicable law.
Please also note that in order to keep your personal information secure, we may from time to time, have to reset your password.
However, you should be aware that no service can be completely secure, and you play a key role in keeping your personal information safe. For the best possible protection of your personal information outside the limits of our control, your devices should be protected (e.g. by updated antivirus software) and your internet service providers should take appropriate measures for the security of personal information transmission over the network (e.g. with firewalls and anti-spam filtering). You accept the inherent security implications of interacting over the Internet and will not hold us or our partners responsible for any security incident or breach of personal information unless it is due to our negligence.
If you have any concerns that your personal information has been put at risk, for example if someone could have found out your password, please contact us as soon as possible.
Where do we store your personal information?
We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to other companies within Kering or to approved partners in locations around the world. We want you to have the best service and customer experience, whether online or in person all over the world. For this purpose, we may have to share your personal information outside the country where you have first shared it with us. When we do so, it will always be for the purposes described in this privacy policy and where we are satisfied with the levels of protection and security implemented in compliance with applicable privacy legislation. This sharing of your personal information is necessary to enable us to perform the contracts we have with you or take steps at your request, prior to entering into a contract, in order to offer you a global customer experience.
The personal information we collect from you will be mainly stored in servers located in the European Union, United States and Switzerland, where it will be afforded the level of protection required by applicable privacy legislation. However, this may vary depending on the country in which the information is collected or applicable legislation. For more information about the location where your personal information is stored, you can contact us at privacy@ysl.com (or see How can you contact us?)
Your personal information will be mainly stored in servers located in the People’s Republic of China, the European Union, the United States and Switzerland if you are a Chinese customer or if your personal information is collected in the People’s Republic of China.
You will be considered as a Chinese customer if the personal Information you provide us is mainly linked to China Mainland (for example, your primary address is in the People’s Republic of China, your phone number is a Chinese phone number, you shop on a Chinese dedicated website or e-commerce channel such as the WeChat mini program or if you inform us that your country of residence is China Mainland)
When we share, use or transfer personal information from China, we, according to Chinese privacy law and applicable cross-border assessment regulation, will conduct the assessment and ensure these activities are compliant. Our parent company Kering S.A is the receiver of your personal information transferred to European Union and Switzerland. The contact of Kering S.A is 40 rue de Sèvres, 75007 Paris, France or you can contact us via email address at privacy@kering.com.
Personal information we collect from you in the Russian Federation or if you are a Russian resident may also be stored in servers located in the Russian Federation and may be transferred outside the Russian Federation in compliance with applicable legislation.
You should be aware that personal information stored outside the country where it was collected may be available to government authorities of the countries where it is stored, under applicable data disclosure laws of those countries.
We may share and disclose your personal information and other information you provide to us for business purposes with the categories of recipients listed below. We may also receive personal information about you from some of them as our third-party sources. The processing of personal information by such third parties relies on the legal bases listed for the relevant purposes in the section Why do we collect your personal information? (or the relevant appendix for your jurisdiction). If you would like more information about the sharing of your personal information, including the list of recipients, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer at privacy@ysl.com (or see How can you contact us?)
A. Approved partners acting as service providers
To use your personal information, we rely on approved partners. All approved partners are bound by an obligation to implement appropriate security measures to protect personal information in their possession, and bound by a strict confidentiality agreement and specific contractual provisions on “ how ” and “ when ” they are allowed to collect and use your personal information. Your personal information may be accessible to the following authorised personnel on a need-to-know basis:
Kering and other affiliates of our group
Our parent company Kering and its affiliates are our main approved partners. They will have access to your personal information but will never use it in contradiction to this privacy policy.
Kering and its affiliates enable us to: offer you our products and services (e.g. via wholesale management and sales processes); provide you with our customer service (e.g. responding when you contact us by phone, mail, text message, chat or social media); manage your SAINT LAURENT profile (e.g. by keeping your information safe and performing IT-related functions attached to your SAINT LAURENT profile); and, through shared services, to manage and better understand our business.
Retailers (including online), resellers, franchisees, licensees, delivery providers, fulfilment companies and transaction partners
These partners mainly enable us to provide you with the products and services you have requested (e.g. ensuring your bank can proceed with payment, or delivering a product you have purchased on our website).
For sake of clarity, please note that such partners also carry out processing activities in parallel for their own purposes, acting then as data controllers (see Approved partners acting also on their own account below). In this respect, our privacy policy does not extend to the processing activities carried out by these partners where the latter are acting on their own account, as data controller for the performance of their services.
This can be the case when payment services provider carries out fraud detection processes. These other companies have their own privacy policies in place, so remember that the way they use any personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Due to our implementation of the 3D Secure Authentication system to prevent payment fraud and protect your credit card, please note that your credit card information may be transferred to the country where your card issuer operates or stores data. The specific country of transfer depends on the card brand used for purchases. Local cards likely keep data within the country, while international brands may transfer data overseas for verification.
They can also be involved in creating and/or managing your SAINT LAURENT profile (e.g. collecting your personal information and consent on our behalf so that we can set up your profile, linking your purchase to your SAINT LAURENT profile so you can easily find it again, or providing your personal information when you access your SAINT LAURENT profile).
Marketing services, advertising providers, communication (email, SMS, MMS) providers
They help us manage your SAINT LAURENT profile, provide you with relevant information, updates, and tailored marketing content (e.g. by sending you emails based on your previous purchases or on sweepstakes, contests and advertisements you have browsed), and send you non-marketing communications. We may also use postal delivery providers. They enable us to send you any communication and marketing content (e.g. letters and event invitations).
IT service providers
These partners enable us to:
Provide you with the products and services you have requested (e.g. by managing our e-commerce website and our applications, etc.) and manage your SAINT LAURENT profile (e.g. by making sure it is available at any time when you interact with us, and linking your purchases to it);
Provide you with relevant customer service (e.g. by allowing you to use chat services);
Send you relevant information, updates and marketing content (e.g. by sending you tailored emails, SMS, MMS, chat messages etc.);
Send you non-marketing communications (e.g. by emailing you to verify your identity when you sign up);
Undertake transactions securely (e.g. by identifying potential behaviour that could be a threat to your personal information or guarding against third-party misuse of your payment details to purchase products);
Assess and better understand our business (e.g. by providing personal information visualisation tools); and
Optimise and manage our website and other means of communication (e.g. by ensuring that our website is always available based on your browsing habits).
Audit, law firms and similar corporate professional service providers, data analysis providers
These partners enable us to better understand and conduct our business (they include accountants, lawyers and auditors who may need to use your personal information). In addition, data analysis providers may enable us to provide you with relevant information, updates and marketing content (e.g. by analysing your answers to a survey, providing insights and helping us to analyse trends and improve our products and services).
B. Approved partners acting also on their own account
To use some of your personal information (see " Why do we collect your personal information" ), we rely on approved partners. Certain approved partners may be able to determine "why" and "how" your personal information is used.
Social networks
We manage our fan pages on the social networks listed below, a social network operated by our services. We use our fan pages to inform our community about our company, our products, our services and our offerings, as well as about current developments and to communicate with our users. You can send us messages, as well as share, comment or "like" our messages. We process the profiles of users of our products and services (in particular the user's name) and our interactions with them (for example the content of messages or comments) to process the information requests they submit and respond to their questions. The legal basis for such data processing is the provision of the services requested by the user concerned on social network , or if your country of residency doesn't acknowledge the performance of a contract as a valid legal basis, then please consider that the actual legal basis is your consent when interacting with us via our social networks .
We may also use statistical functions provided by social networks on how our users use our fan page. These data statistics are based on personal data collected during a user's visit, or on the user's interaction with our content. Our legitimate interest in this regard is the improvement and optimization of our fan page, which is also in the interest of our users, or if your country of residency doesn't acknowledge legitimate interest as a valid legal basis, then please consider that the actual legal basis is your consent when interacting with us via our fan page.
Lastly, social networks enable us to provide you with relevant information and updates, marketing content (e.g. advertisements based on look-alike profiles) and relevant customer service (e.g. when you use social media to contact us). Please be aware that they have their own privacy and cookies policies in place, so the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Retailers (including online), resellers, franchisees and licensees
Certain points of sale, carrying out their business under the SAINT LAURENT name, may act as independent data controllers and are able to determine “why” and “how” they use the personal information you share with them. Please be aware that our privacy policy does not extend to services provided by other companies on their own account. They have their own privacy policies in place, so remember that any personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Disclosure of transaction details to Riskified Ltd. and processing of transaction details by Riskified Ltd. in accordance with Riskified's Privacy Policy
When you purchase products on our website, we might disclose your transaction details to Riskified Ltd., a company with registered offices at 30 Kalisher St., Tel Aviv 6525724, Israel (hereinafter referred to as “Riskified”), that will carry out security and anti-fraud checks on the transactions carried out on our website. The disclosure may be based on our legitimate interest in preventing fraudulent online transactions or the legal basis applicable in your country of residence (see Why do we collect your personal information?).
Riskified will also process your transaction’s details as a data controller (i) in order to review purchases for possible fraudulent activity; (ii) by storing your transactions’ details in its database for use in enhancing its anti-fraud services; and; (iii) to develop additional services, all in accordance with Riskified’s Privacy Policy .
Riskifiedwill process your transaction details by automated means and will aggregate them with other personal information relating to transactions concluded by you on other e-commerce platforms, in order to assess the regularity of the payment, according to pre-determined criteria.
Your personal information will be processed by Riskified in the State of Israel and is transferred according to the adequacy decision of the European Commission, adopted on 31 January 2011, which recognises that the legal system of the State of Israel ensures an adequate level of protection of personal information.
C. Actual or potential buyers as part of a business transfer
We may disclose your personal information to an actual or a potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in relation to any actual or proposed divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganisation, or any other similar transaction or proceeding in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Where this is required, we will take steps to minimise any data that is shared.
D. Law enforcement body, regulatory body, government agency, court, lawyers to comply with laws and defend our rights and interests
We may disclose your personal information to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory body, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is (i) required as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) necessary to protect your interests or those of any other person, and on the legal basis set out in this privacy policy. Where this is required, we will take steps to minimise any data that is shared.
E. At your request or for our legitimate interest or compliance with laws and regulations
We may disclose your personal information to any other person: with your consent; where we have an overriding legitimate interest (on balance with your interests) to do so; or where we have a legal or regulatory obligation to do so.
F. Other customers registered with us
On the website which allows you to make visible the products you purchased and put in your wardrobe, other registered customers of this website can see your account information like user name, headshot, location, as well as the products you purchased including the product size, style, and color.
If a registered customer of us tap the NFC tag (like RFID stitched into the label usually) with the phone, your user name (if you’ve also registered with the website) will be visible to the customer who tapped it.
Can the privacy policy change?
Do we use cookies or other online advertising technologies?
Protecting the safety and privacy of children is very important to us.
By creating your Saint Laurent profile, or by registering through any means, or by placing an order, you confirm that you have reached the age of consent in your country of residence (or, if you are under the age of consent, that your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) also agree(s) to such registration or order when they can give you such authorization under the law of your country of residence).
If we become aware (including through a request from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s)) that we have inadvertently received personal information in contradiction to the above, we will delete such personal information from our records.
If you are a minor, and have created a Saint Laurent profile, we may collect the categories of personal information mentioned in the section What personal information do we collect?, and use your personal information for the purposes listed in the section Why do we collect your personal information?, unless prohibited by applicable laws. You, or your parent(s) or legal guardian(s), when permitted or required under the laws of your country of residence, may exercise over your personal information the rights listed in the section What are your rights regarding your personal information ?
Should you always share your personal information with us?
For how long do we keep your personal information?
How do we protect your personal information?
Subject to your applicable privacy legislation, you may be entitled to one or more of the following rights and exercise them on your own or via a legal representative acting on your behalf. We, Saint Laurent , are committed to protecting your rights and allowing you to exercise them. You will never be discriminated against when you exercise your right in good faith under any applicable privacy law.
If you need any further information regarding your rights, how to exercise any of your rights, or if you have any complaints or questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer at privacy@ysl.com or by completing the form available here (or see How can you contact us?).
If you are a Californian resident , please see the section "What are your rights regarding your personal information?" in Appendix 4 – Specific information for Californian residents.
A. Right of access, rectification and erasure
Under certain circumstances you may have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of any of your personal information that we may hold. Such right of access also includes the right to receive information in particular about the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal information concerned, the categories of recipients to whom your information may be disclosed, and the envisaged period for the retention of your information.
You may also request correction of any inaccurate personal information relating to you and to request the deletion of your personal information. You can see and update most of this personal information yourself online, or by contacting our customer services, or by emailing our privacy team at privacy@ysl.com or by completing the form available here (or see How can you contact us?).
Specifically, subject to your applicable privacy legislation, your right of access may include:
the right to request whether and how your personal information is processed and whether it has been shared with a third party in the preceding 12 months, in particular if you are an Aruban resident.
the right to obtain information about the existence of your personal information in our information system, the owner or operator of your personal information, the sources from which your personal information has been obtained (and proof of the legality of the method of collection of such information), the purposes, timing and methods of processing of your personal information, including the persons who may have access to such information and the information systems with which your personal information may be exchanged, the legal justification for and legal consequences resulting from the collection, processing and transfer to third parties of your personal information, and where applicable the existence of a compliance certificate and completion of the state examination of the information system in which your personal information is recorded, in particular if you are a resident of Azerbaijan.
the right to obtain confirmation that we process personal information about you, to request information about the public and private entities with whom we have shared your personal information, and to request information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial, in particular if you are a Brazilian resident.
if we cannot satisfy your request for correction, the right to request that a statement of correction be attached to your information noting that a correction has been sought but not made, in particular if you are a resident of New Zealand.
the right to be informed of any disclosure of inaccurate personal information about you, in particular if you are a resident of Qatar.
B. Right to withdraw consent
Where processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time. For example, if you no longer wish to receive electronic marketing communications, you can change the settings in your SAINT LAURENT profile, use the ‘unsubscribe’ link provided in our emails, text the STOP number in our text messages, or contact us directly and we will stop sending you communications. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent as carried out before such withdrawal.
If you are a resident of the United States or Guam, please also see Appendix 3 - Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents.
C. Right to personal information portability
Under certain conditions, you may have the right to receive personal information you have provided to us within a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and also to require us to transmit it to another data controller where this is technically feasible.
D. Right to restriction of processing
Subject to privacy legislation applicable to you, you may have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information in particular where:
you contest the accuracy of the personal information (until we have taken sufficient steps to correct or verify its accuracy);
the processing is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase the personal information;
we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require such personal information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
you have objected to processing that has been justified on legitimate interest grounds, pending verification as to whether we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing.
Where personal information is subject to restriction in this way, we will only process it with your consent or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, in accordance with local legislation.
Specifically, subject to your applicable privacy legislation, your right to restriction of processing may include:
the right to apply for the transfer of your personal information to an archive, and the right to demand a ban on the collection and processing of your personal information, in particular if you are a resident of Azerbaijan.
the right to request the anonymization, blocking or deletion of any unnecessary or excessive personal information or personal information processed unlawfully, in particular if you are a Brazilian resident.
the right to request us to stop transferring your personal information to a third party, in particular if you are a Vietnamese resident.
E. Right to object to processing
Where we rely on legitimate interest to process personal information, you may have the right to object to that processing. In this case, we must stop using your personal information for that purpose unless we can either demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or where we need to process the personal information in order to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. Where we rely on legitimate interest as a justification for processing, we believe that we can demonstrate such compelling legitimate grounds, but we will consider each case on an individual basis.
Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may also have the right to object to this at any time. This includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. For example, if you wish to object to receiving electronic marketing communications, you can change the settings in your SAINT LAURENT profile, or use the ‘unsubscribe’ link provided in our emails, or text the STOP number in our text messages, or contact us directly and we will stop sending you communications.
F. Deceased person rights to privacy
To exercise rights on behalf of a deceased individual, you may be required to provide us with proof that you are an immediate family member or executor of the deceased person. Subject to applicable privacy laws, we may not be able to support your request. Please be informed that under certain laws (for example in France), you can define directives relating to the storage, erasure and communication of your personal information after your death.
G. Right to lodge a complaint
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you consider that the processing of your personal information infringes applicable law.
If you are a resident of a Member State of the European Economic Area, you may refer to the list of data protection authorities in the European Economic Area available here . If you are a resident of Qatar, you may contact your data protection authority, the Compliance and Data Protection (CDP) department, through the channels listed here .
Under applicable legislation, you may have the right to bring complaints relating to the processing of your personal information before civil courts..
H. Modalities of response to your requests, additional information or assistance
If you need any further information regarding your rights or how to exercise any of your rights, or if you have any complaints or questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer at privacy@ysl.com or by completing the form available here (or see How can you contact us?).
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps and may require you to provide certain information to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request.
Where permissible under applicable law, we reserve the right to charge a fee for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, to cover the administrative costs incurred by your request. We will endeavour to respond to your request as soon as possible and in any case within the applicable timeframe.
In certain jurisdictions (such as if you are a Californian resident), if you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the person whose personal information is the subject of the request.
If you designate an authorised agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf (a) we may require you to provide the authorised agent written permission to do so, and (b) for access and deletion requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us.
Want to know more? You may be interested in the following sections of our Customer Privacy Policy:
We may occasionally make changes to this privacy policy, for example to comply with new requirements imposed by applicable laws or technical requirements. We will post the updated privacy policy on our website. We therefore encourage you to review this page every so often.
We may also notify you in case of material changes and, where required by applicable law, we will seek your consent to those changes.
If we wish to process your personal information for a new purpose not described in this privacy policy, where necessary we will inform you and where required we will seek your consent.
What is covered by this privacy policy?
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic data. We also share information on your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. You can read more about any of our purposes or the vendors that we use by clicking on ‘Cookie Settings.' This preference center is accessible at any time through the ‘Cookie Settings' button located on every page.
When you visit any website or use an application, it may store or retrieve information using your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be personal information about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
At any time, you have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies using the on/off settings of the preference center, by clicking on the button below:
COOKIES SETTINGS
This function is not available for China, however, you are still able to switch on/off the cookies on your browser.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website– when visited by a user – asks your browser to place on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and are called first party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain other than that of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing initiatives.
Why do we use cookie?
Cookies are usedfor various purposes, such as allowing the user to navigate between pages seamlessly, implementing the user’s preferences and improving their overall browsing experience, by customising the content according to their navigation and user profile as a SAINT LAURENT customer. They can also help ensure that the adverts seen online by the user are more relevant to them and their interests.
What types of cookies do we use?
We use several types of cookies which have different durations. In particular we use:
Session cookies, which only last for the duration of a browsing session and facilitate your experience on our website; and
Persistent cookies, which last for more than one visit and memorise your preferred settings regarding our website.
These cookies can also be categorised as follows, depending on who sets them:
First party cookies, which are supplied by the publisher of the website you are visiting, so that it functions properly.
Third party cookies, which are set on the website by third parties, and are intended to collect data in different ways and for several purposes, for example: collection of analytics data and information on social interactions and behaviours, and also for promotional activities.
What categories of cookie are on our website?
The types of cookies used on our website serve different purposes and can fall into one of the categories below. Please to the Preference center to see what type of cookies is relevant.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. This allows us to authenticate and record your sessions, to secure traffic or to detect certain malicious activities. For the website, you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the website will then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance & analytics cookies
These cookies allow us to collect behavioral data and determine traffic sources, so we can Measure the traffic on the website. They help us to find out which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website by distinguishing users and sessions, determining new sessions/visits and counting the number of pages viewed in the current session and the recording type. We will also track the traffic source or campaign that explains how you reach our website, via which partners for example, to measure the impact and the effectiveness of our partnership with other merchants or our advertising campaign.
Understand by who and how our site is used. Performance and analytics cookies are also used to rationalize traffic counting and user behavior across several platform integrations. They allow us to store visitor custom variable information, test different versions of our website or our content, and allow third-party providers helping us analyze and optimize our content.
In order to obtain accurate analytics while enabling you to make your choice regarding the use of cookies and other tracking tools, we've implemented a dedicated solution allowing us to record and counting your preferences. If you prefer not to be tracked, this system will help us complete our analysis and reports by looking at other users similar to you. This information doesn't let us know who you are or keep tracking your browsing on our website.
Functionality cookies
These cookies enable the personalization of website content by recognizing you and remembering your preferences. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly.
Profiling and targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by us or our advertising partners. They may be used to build a persona based on your navigation and your interests to personalize your experience by providing adapted content, features and products or show you relevant advertisements on other sites. We may also use the information collected through these trackers to push advertisements, on partners' websites or social networks, to people who can share the same interests as you.
They do not directly store personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and devices.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site and which enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build a profile based on your interests. This may influence the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Chat feature cookies
These cookies are necessary for the activation of the chat functionality allowing us to locate you, to put you in contact with our teams and to give you the possibility of exchanging with us (via chat or video calls). This use will be associated with a monitoring of your experience on the site (including a live monitoring of your navigation on our site or mobile application) allowing us to assist you as best as possible and to recommend the products that best meet your expectations and preferences. If you do not accept these cookies, the chat functionality will not be accessible.
How to customize your cookie settings
When you first visit our website, you are required to accept or decline the use of cookies before proceeding. At any time, you have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies using the on/off settings of the preference center, by clicking on the ‘Cookie Settings’ button located on every page:
Cookie Settings
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies by using our Cookie Settings. Click on the different category headings to find out more and to change our default settings. Please note that blocking some types of cookies may affect your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
If you prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies. If you use multiple browsers (e.g. Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Firefox, etc.), you must repeat this procedure for each one, and if you connect to the web from multiple devices (e.g. from work and at home), then you will need to set your preferences on each browser on each device.
Please note that if you completely disable cookies from the browser, some of the functionalities might be lost, for example, normal browsing of the site and purchasing activity, while any personalised activity such as the advertising you receive when you visit this website will not be tailored to your interests.
For more information on third-party cookies (e.g. advertising or targeting cookies) and how to disable them directly from the browser instead of through Cookie Settings , we invite you to read the relevant privacy policy and opt-out guidelines which can be found here: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
Do we share data collected through cookies?
We may collect information on our website through cookies and share it with third parties such as social networks or advertising platforms, as well as other companies within Kering, advertising agencies/providers and IT providers (e.g. hosting providers), with your consent where required.
Do we sell your personal information?
Sale of your personal information
If you choose to enable third party cookies via Cookie Settings, third parties (such as approved analytics and advertising partners) will collect your personal information via automated technologies on our websites, primarily in an effort to provide you with content and advertisements that may be of interest to you and on the legal bases set out in this privacy policy. The choice is yours . You may elect not to send your personal information to them at any time.
Please note that deciding not to share your information via third party cookies does not mean you will stop seeing ads, but these ads will not be tailored to you based on information derived from your activities on our websites.
Please also note that depending on your selection, we may still share your information in ways that are not a “sale” or “sharing” under applicable U.S. state law, such as with our service providers, for our own online advertising purposes.
If you are a California resident you also have the right to submit a Shine the Light Request, which means you may request that we provide you with a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, as well as the identity of those third parties. Any such disclosures will be made consistent with your choices in Cookie Settings. You may contact us at the information below for a listing.
How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or how we handle your data, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer by sending an email to privacy@ysl.com or by completing the form available here(or see How can you contact us?).
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or how we handle your information, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer by sending an email to privacy@ysl.com . or by using the form available here .
US residents may also call our toll-free number: +1 8335171309 .
Brazilian residents may also use the following contact details: João Gabriel Ferrari, PLBrasil Assessoria Empresa Ltda. City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, at Rua Boa Vista, 254, 13th floor, Downtown, Zip Code 01014-907, joaogabriel@plbrasil.com.br , +55 11 3292-5050.
Malaysian residents may also use the following contact details: Suzana Binti AHMAD, suzana@adconsult.com.my , +6012-215 205579.
South Korean residents may use the following contact details:
Saint Laurent domestic representative designated for South Korea: Yeon Lee, Yeon.lee@ysl.com , +82 2 6902 7980.
Saint Laurent DPO: Diane Kim, Diane.kim@ysl.com , +82 2 3438 7629.
Saint Laurent will collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following primary purposes.
If you would like more information, you can contact us at privacy@ysl.com (or see How can you contact us?)
1. To provide you with the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested
To provide you with the products and services you have requested, we will access, collect, store and use your personal information for invoicing, payment management and internal accounting.
Some of the operations mentioned above can be implemented by partners of ours as identified in section “With whom do we share your personal information?”, in particular the registration, payment and delivery of your order. Your information may be communicated, used or collected directly via the information system of our partner.
Certain specific information may be required to provide you with gift cards, customization services, or when you reserve a product or a service, request the repair of a product, or purchase products or services by phone, or on our website or a marketplace, including our restaurants' bookings. In such cases, we could access, collect, store and use your personal information for delivery, warehouse and return management, or to register your table's booking in one of our restaurants.
2. To manage your Saint Laurent profile.
Once you have asked us to create your SAINT LAURENT profile, we will supplement it with personal information such as your purchases, preferences and contact details. In this context, please be aware that we use personal identification information, such as your email address or phone number, to link an interaction or a purchase with your SAINT LAURENT profile. This also applies when checking-out as a guest on our website when making a purchase, as mentioned above, or in case you bind your social media open ID account with your SAINT LAURENT profile (by using dedicated QR Codes for example). In addition, we may use your date of birth to determine that you are old enough to use our services.
In order to keep your personal information accurate, we will take every reasonable step to ensure that personal information we hold is properly updated. Subject to your applicable privacy legislation you may have the right to have your information rectified at any time, and in event please let us know if any of your information needs updating or correcting, and we will make our best efforts to detect and correct inaccurate personal information (data cleansing) and delete any duplicated dataset. This may require us to correct typographical errors or inconsistent personal information.
3. To provide you with tailored customer service and assistance.
Your personal information, in particular your SAINT LAURENT profile if you have created one or the temporary record we may create about you, could enable our sales associates to contact you directly in relation to the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested, such as when a product becomes available again or when an order you have placed has been received in store, or to share with you any other information you have requested from us. In addition, the monitoring of our interaction (including, with prior notice to you, via voice or video recording – such as real time listening or analysis – or listening in real time,) enables us to improve the quality and safety of our services and to provide you with tailored answers.
All our customers are important to us. However, some of our customers and potential customers benefit from a more personalized experience due to the important relationship they keep with Saint Laurent. Our teams may need to collect and gather information on such customers or potential customers in order to identify personalities who correspond to the image and values of Saint Laurent to offer them unique support. This may be the case when you participate in one of our selective projects or when our Sales Associates offers you to participate in events or contacts you for certain special occasions (for your birthdays or for a particular event of your life).
4. To enable you to receive relevant information and tailored marketing content.
You will receive information and updates about us either at your request (with your prior consent where required by law) or when we are authorised by law to send you such information and updates directly, for instance after a purchase or a reservation within one of our restaurant. Such communication can be global or local, and may include updates about our products and services, notifications, invitations to events, updates on our restaurant's initiatives, offers, surveys, etc.
Our communications will be customised and specifically designed to be of interest to you, and will be updated with any new personal information linked to your Saint Laurent profile. We will thus use your personal information to send you tailored communications or other customised advertisements or marketing campaigns. This use of your data includes some profiling activity.
As part of the SAINT LAURENT experience , we will always try to customise and personalise your experience with us. This is why we will use your personal information to send you tailored communications or personalise your journey with us, but only with your prior consent where it is required under applicable privacy legislation. Our communications could include tailored product recommendations we think you might like, personalised marketing content designed to suit your interests, personalised events invitations or, at your request and where available, personalised and customised products. For these purposes, we will use the information you provide to us (for example your date of birth, your country of residence, your preferred means of contact, etc.) and/or jointly or independently, certain patterns we may observe when interacting with you (for example where you prefer buying our products, what type of products you like, which occasions you are shopping for, etc.). With this information, we may create groups of similar customers (called “persona”) to whom we can decide to offer personalised content and experiences both in inbound or outbound interactions. In this context, we may make inferences about you, as derived from your personal information ( profiling ). For example, if you always purchase our products from the same store (specific location or online), we may consider this store as your preferred one. This will allow us to customise your experience with SAINT LAURENT based on your interests and shopping habits (i.e. tailored communication). In order to provide you with such customised and personalised experience, in our stores or online, you may be required to log in or identify yourself.
Using cookies or other online advertising technologiesmay also enable us to show you online advertisements that are “contextual” (meaning they are shown according to the webpage you are browsing), or “behavioural” or “interest based” (where advertisements are shown to you based on your interests which we have inferred from your information including demographic, geographic and interest-based data). We may use such advertisements to display products or services that are most relevant to you.
5. To send you non-marketing communications.
6. To manage our social networks
When, as a user, you decide to interact with our social media pages (e.g. when you follow one of our pages, when you click "Like" on Facebook or "Follow" on Instagram or add a reaction to a post, when you "share" or add a "comment", etc.), we have access to public information in your profile. Your information is used for the purpose of interacting with you through the social network in question or to establish analyzes or statistics on the use of our pages or on the performance of our communications. Our services may remove your comments if they do not comply with our policies on the use of social networks (e.g. if your comments are insulting, illegal or malicious).
When you visit our “Fan” page, when you do not have an account or are not logged in to the relevant social network, we do not collect any personal information about you, except for the aggregated data provided to us by each social network.
7. To conduct our business securely and protect our activities and personnel.
To deliver our products and services safely to you, perform our contract properly or comply with some of our legal obligations, we will implement fraud prevention and detection measures. Such measures will allow us to adequately perform our contract with you and/or protect our legitimate interests in defending ourselves against fraud. We may notably implement measures to ensure that you are complying with our terms and conditions for sales, available on this website, offers and programs, and to prevent and detect non-compliance or fraud by you. This may include reviewing and assessing your dealings with us, your eligibility to participate in certain sales, offers and programs, your compliance with the terms and conditions of such sales, offers and programs, and undertaking enforcement action and/or disciplinary action where such non-compliance or fraud is suspected or identified.
In addition, we may implement certain measures to protect and defend our rights and property, our employees and our business partners in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and international conventions. For example, we can monitor our inbound and outbound interaction with our customer service (including via voice or video recording or listening in real time, with prior notice to you); also, mindful of the health of our employees, and for this sole purpose, we implement an anti-malicious calls procedure so that any occurrence of inappropriate behaviors such as harassment, insults or direct threats from users will be reported to our dedicated team. This will generate a warning to the concerned user and they will be recorded on our provisional list. The initial warning will set out the consequences of a second incident occurring. A second incident will lead to the suspension of any further calls from the user in question for a period of 4 months. During this period, the user will still be able to contact our customer services by other communication channels (e.g., regular mail or email) so we can attend their queries and preserve their rights at any given time.
8. To assess and better understand our business.
9. To optimise and manage our website and other means of communication.
Saint Laurent will collect, record, hold, organize, structure, store, update, adapt, combine, consult, use, transfer and disclose your personal information for the following purposes. Your personal information will not be further used for purposes incompatible or inconsistent with the purposes for which it was collected, unless permitted by the applicable legislation.
The processing of your personal information is justified on the legal bases set out in this section. The legal bases listed in this section will also apply when we share your data with third parties (as listed in the section With whom do we share your personal information?) for one of the purposes mentioned below.
When we require information from you for the below mentioned purposes, we generally request you to submit this to us voluntarily, i.e. you have the right to consent or not to consent to the collection and processing of your personal data. If you choose not to provide certain personal information, you may not be able to benefit from some of our services for which the provision of such personal information is necessary.
Certain specific information may be required to provide you with gift cards, customization services, or when you reserve a product or a service, request the repair of a product, or purchase products or services by phone, or on our website or a marketplace including our restaurant's bookings. In such cases, we could access, collect, store and use your personal information for delivery, warehouse and return management, or to register your table's booking in one of our restaurants.
Providing you with the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested either in our stores or online.
This involves any action necessary to perform our obligations under the sale or service contract you conclude with us (processing of your payment, delivery, return management, etc.)
For purchases made on our website, the contract is our Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Qatar
Vietnam, China and Saudi Arabia
Kuwait, Mexico, Chile, South Korea and Azerbaijan
Your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
When you provided us with your personal information in relation to an online purchase or any other request for products or services made online
Any other situation will require your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,.
Once you have asked us to create your SAINT LAURENT profile, we will supplement it with personal information such as your purchases, preferences and contact details. In this context, please be aware that we use personal identification information, such as your email address or phone number, to link an interaction or a purchase with your SAINT LAURENT profile. This also applies when checking-out as a guest on our website when making a purchase, as mentioned above, or in case you bind your social media open ID account with your SAINT LAURENT profile (by using dedicated QR Codes for example).In addition, we may use your date of birth to determine that you are old enough to use our services.
Administering, managing and maintaining your SAINT LAURENT profile once you have requested us to create it.
This could include data cleansing and deduplication.
Vietnam and Saudi Arabia
Kuwait, China Mexico, Chile, South Korea and Azerbaijan
Your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Kuwait, China, Mexico, Chile, South Korea and Azerbaijan
Any other situation will require your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Your consent
As deemed obtained when you choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Any other situation will require your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
Your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
Any other situation will require your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
To provide you with tailored assistance when we are not able to identify you (and when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
We will notably rely on your consent if your facial image is pictured or if your personal information is visible to other customers.
Your consent , as deemed obtained when you choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
Our communications will be customised and specifically designed to be of interest to you, and will be updated with any new personal information linked to your Saint Laurent profile. We will thus use your personal information to send you tailored communications or other customised advertisements or marketing campaigns. This use of your information includes some profiling activity.
Using cookies or other online advertising technologies may also enable us to show you online advertisements that are “contextual" (meaning they are shown according to the webpage you are browsing), or “behavioural" or “interest based" (where advertisements are shown to you based on your interests which we have inferred from your information including demographic, geographic and interest-based data). We may use such advertisements to display products or services that are most relevant to you.
If you no longer want to see customised online advertisements, you may request us to delete your SAINT LAURENT profile or modify your cookie preferences – see "cookies or other online advertising technologies". In addition, some third-party sites allow you to stop seeing advertisements from specific advertisers, so you may also set your preferences on those websites.
This includes communication such as updates about our products and services, invitations to events, offers, surveys.
Your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile
Your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile.
Your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Or compliance with a legal obligation
When you provided us with your personal information in relation to an online purchase or any other request for products or services made online, and such update relates to the administration and management of your SAINT LAURENT profile
When taking actions following a rectification or erasure request.
Your consent, when you accept, at the creation of your SAINT LAURENT profile, that we link your personal information to certain patterns ( Profiling ) (for example by accepting to receive tailored communication).
Presenting you with online advertisements that are “contextual", “behavioural", “interest- based" or “tailored”, including by using cookies or other online advertising technologies
Your consent to cookies or other online advertising technologies
Any other situation will require your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Compliance with a legal obligation ,
Or performance of a contract
When you provided us with your personal information in relation to an online purchase or any other request for products or services made online,
Otherwise your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Or your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us
Administering and managing your SAINT LAURENT profile once you have requested us to create your SAINT LAURENT profile
Promote Saint Laurent 's activities on social networks.
Our legitimate interests in communicating on our activities
Your consent, when you interact with us
When you provided us with your personal information in relation to an online purchase or any other request for products or services made online, including when you interact with us via the features proposed by the social network
Analyze the habits of users who visit our “Fan” pages or share our content.
or our legitimate interests in protecting ourselves against fraud,protecting our employees against inappropriate behaviors, preventing criminal activity or collecting relevant information thereon or initiating an investigation thereof, and collecting information necessary for the investigation of any criminal activity, based on an official request from the investigating authorities (when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
or performance of a contract
or our legitimate interest
We may also conduct various business-related analytics & market research activities, which may require us to access or otherwise use some of your personal information, or to send you surveys or customer satisfaction questions in order to gather new or additional information. This notably enables us to analyse and learn how our customers use and interact with us in order to improve products, services and our business in general. It is also important for us to conduct operations that allow us to analyze and measure the performance of our marketing or communications campaigns. This may be the case, for example, when you click on one of our ads on our business partners website or when you make a purchase after viewing one of their ads. Please be aware that to do this, we may use cookies or other online advertising technologies.
Or your consent , as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us.
Your consent, when you answer surveys or customer satisfaction questions or when we use cookies or other online advertising technologies.
Or your consent to cookies, when we usecookies or other online advertising technologies
Your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Qatar and China
Sharing necessary information with auditors, law firms and similar corporate professional service providers, data analysis providers
Compliance with a legal obligation,
Any other situation will require your consent, as provided when you create your SAINT LAURENT profile or deemed obtain when you otherwise choose to enter into a contract or voluntarily share your information with us,
Or your consent when we usecookies or other online advertising technologies
Or our legitimate interests to administer and improve our means of communication and other systems, in particularwhen usingcookies or other online advertising technologies for which consent is not required under applicable law
This section applies when you provide prior express consent to receive text messages or instant messages from Saint Laurent. Messages that you may receive from us may include one time or recurring text or instant messages relating to our products, our services, our activities or including any other information that you have requested. At enrollment for recurring messaging programs, we will specify the approximate frequency of messages.
You may opt-out of receiving future messages by texting STOP to the number indicated in our message. For help or for more information, you may contact us at privacy@ysl.com (or see How can you contact us?).
Messages are subject to the terms and conditions of your mobile carrier. Standard message and data rates may apply. Marketing and non-marketing text and instant messages may be sent to your mobile number using an automatic dialing system.
We cannot guarantee timing or receipt of the messages, as this may be affected by forces outside of our control. In the event that a message is delayed, or not received, we are not responsible for any related impacts.
You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you change your mobile phone number, you agree to opt out of receipt of texts and instant messages prior to changing your mobile number.
A. What personal information do we collect
This section is meant to provide supplemental or specific information for residents of California and certain other US states. We encourage you to read the full privacy policy as well.
The personal information we collect about you includes information within the below categories of data. Note that the “Category” column listed below refers to the category of personal data as defined under California law and represents the categories of personal information that we have collected, and how it has been shared over the past 12 months. Inclusion of a category in the list below indicates only that we may collect some information within that category. We do not necessarily collect all information listed in a particular category, nor do we collect all categories of information for all individuals. We have collected and shared personal information in each of the below categories with our affiliates and service providers, as well as with government entities as necessary, for our business purposes within the last 12 months. We have not necessarily shared all information listed in a category.
Category
Purpose of processing
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers, including information about your vehicle.
This set of personal information enables us to identify you, manage your Saint Laurent profile, provide you with customer service and assistance and, in some cases, to contact you, including by sending you relevant information and tailored marketing content.
In addition, some of our goods may be equipped with tags (e.g. RFID or NFC) and/or a printed code, which could be associated with your personal information, in order to detect security incidents and to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
This data (e.g. recordings of customer service calls, tags (e.g. RFID or NFC) and/or printed codes which could be associated with your personal information) is processed to answer your queries, detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for compliance management.
Characteristics of classes protected under federal or California law
We will always try to avoid collecting and using the information in the list below. However, this may occur in cases where no other option is available. In this event, we will take steps to minimise the data collected, use the highest level of care and always comply with the applicable privacy legislation (in particular, by seeking for your consent where required).
It could include familial status, disability, sex, national origin, religion, color, race, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, ancestry, source of income, age, or genetic information.
Categories of information collected over the past 12 months.
Please note that the categories mentioned in this section What personal information do we collect? also represent the categories of personal information that we have collected over the past 12 months.
DO WE "SELL" OR "SHARE" YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
As set out in our Cookie Policy, if you choose to enable third party cookies via Cookie Settings, third parties (such as approved analytics and advertising partners) will collect your personal information via automated technologies on our websites, primarily in an effort to provide you with content and advertisements that may be of interest to you and on the legal bases set out in this privacy policy. The choice is yours. You may elect not to send your personal data to them at any time.
Please also note that depending on your selection, we may still share your information in ways that are not a "sale" or "sharing" under California law, such as with our service providers, for our own online advertising purposes.
B. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you are a Californian resident, subject to certain conditions and limitations, you may have the following rights with respect to personal information about you:
A. Right of access / Right to know - You may be entitled to request that we disclose to you personal information we have collected about you, in the preceding 12 months, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the purposes of collecting the information, the categories of third parties we have shared the information with, and the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties for a business purpose.
B. Right of data portability – In some instances, you may have the right to receive the information about you in a portable and readily usable format.
C. Right to have personal information erased – Subject to certain conditions, you may be entitled to request that we delete personal information about you. We will not delete personal information about you when the information is required to fulfill a legal obligation, is necessary to exercise or defend legal claims, or where we are required or permitted to retain the information by law.
D. Right to correct – You may be entitled to request that we delete personal information about you. Before deleting information, we must be able to verify your identity. We will not delete personal information about you when the information is required to fulfill a legal obligation, is necessary to exercise or defend legal claims, or where we are required or permitted to retain the information by law. For example, we cannot delete information about you if your personal information is on the contract between us for our services or products.
E. Right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information – You have the right to opt-out of information sharing that constitutes “sharing” personal information, as defined by applicable law.
Depending on your state of residency, these rights may not apply to pseudonymous data if the information necessary to identify the consumer is kept separately and is subject to controls that prevent access to the information. Pseudonymous data is personal data that can no longer be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional information, if the additional information is kept separately and is subject measures to ensure that personal data is not attributed to the specific individual.
Data solely retained for data backup or archive purposes is principally excluded from these rights until it is restored to an active system or next accessed or used for a sale, disclosure, or commercial purpose.
If you chose to exercise any of these rights, we will not discriminate against you on the basis of choosing to exercise your privacy rights.
Additional Information for Residents of California: If you are a California resident you also have the right to submit a Shine the Light Request, which means you may request that we provide you with a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, as well as the identity of those third parties. Any such disclosures will be made consistent with your choices in Cookie Settings. You may contact us at the information below for a listing.
Verification of your request
Before providing you with the above rights, we must be able to verify your identity. In order to verify your identity, you will need to submit information about yourself, including, to the extent applicable, providing your account login credentials or other account information, answers to security questions, your name, government identification number we already have on file, date of birth, contact information, or other personal identifying information. We will match this information against information we have previously collected about you to verify your identity and your request. To the extent you maintain an account with us, we will require you to login to that account as part of submitting your request. If we are unable to verify your identity as part of your request, we will not be able to satisfy your request. We are not obligated to collect additional information in order to enable you to verify your identity. For deletion requests, you will be required to submit a verifiable request for deletion and then to confirm separately that you want personal information about you deleted.
If you would like to appoint an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, we require you to verify your identity with us directly before we provide any requested information to your approved agent. Alternatively, your authorized agent may provide evidence of having power of attorney or acting as a conservator for you. Note that we may require you to verify your identity with us directly before we provide any requested information to your authorized agent unless your authorized agent has power of attorney or acts as a conservator, in which case we will not contact you directly. We may also request that any authorized agents verify their identity and may reach out to you directly to confirm that you have provided the agent with your permission to submit the request on your behalf.
How to make your request
Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to make either one or two requests per calendar year, free of charge. You will be charged a fee for subsequent requests exceeding this limit. Under applicable privacy law, and for the protection of your personal information, we may be limited in what personal information we can disclose.
In your request, please attest to your state of residency and provide a current address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at privacy@ysl.com , by completing the form available here or calling our toll-free number +1 8335171314.
Additional Information for Residents of California and Colorado: For residents of California and Colorado, we will maintain all of your privacy rights requests for at least 2 years. This information will not be used for any other purpose except to review compliance processes; it will not be shared except as necessary to comply with a legal obligation. For residents of Colorado, sensitive data which we no longer have consent to process will be deleted or rendered permanently anonymized or inaccessible within a reasonable period of time after withdrawal of consent.
When can you expect to hear from us
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and provide information about how we will process the request, including the verification process and expected response time. Please allow up to forty-five (45) days for a response, from the day the request is received. We may require an additional forty-five (45) calendar day extension. Residents of Iowa should allow up to ninety (90) days for a response, not including the additional forty-five (45) calendar day extension.
Depending on your state of residency, you may be entitled to appeal our decision with regard to your request.
Additional Information: to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. This statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please contact privacy@ysl.com or +1 8335171314 to request this statement in an alternative format.
NIKI mini in grained lambskin
NIKI mini in vintage leather
NIKI mini in raffia
NIKI medium in raffia
NIKI MEDIUM IN VINTAGE LEATHER
NIKI medium in vintage leather
NIKI medium in grained lambskin
NIKI baby in vintage leather
NIKI baby in grained lambskin
NIKI BABY IN VINTAGE LEATHER
WOMEN
SL 815 ROMY
V-WAIST LONG BAGGY JEANS IN MICHIGAN BLUE DENIM
AMALIA in suede
KEYRINGS
TINY CASSANDRE keyring in shiny leather
TINY CASSANDRE keyring in smooth leather
CASSANDRE SAINT LAURENT keyring in leather
ID money clip in metal
id money clip in metal
CASSANDRE key ring in smooth leather
Saint Laurent PEPE keyring
SAINT LAURENT PARIS SLIM KEYCASE IN GRAIN DE POUDRE LEATHER
SAINT LAURENT PARIS East/West wallet in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS East/West wallet in patent leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS East/West wallet with coin purse in smooth leather
TINY CASSANDRE East/West wallet in shiny leather
TINY CASSANDRE East/West wallet in grained leather
TINY CASSANDRE EAST/WEST WALLET IN GRAINED LEATHER
TINY CASSANDRE East/West wallet in matte leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS East/West wallet in grain de poudre leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS East/West wallet with coin purse in CROCODILE-EMBOSSED leather
LOULOU micro bag in lambskin
NIKI micro bag in leather
LE 5 À 7 supple micro in grained leather
LE 5 À 7 supple micro bag in pony hair leather
SOLFERINO micro bag in BOX SAINT LAURENT
SOLFERINO micro bag in lizard
GABY mini bucket in lambskin
JUNE micro box in osier
JUNE micro box in lambskin
JOE over-the-knee boots in smooth leather
VADIM boots in smooth leather
VADIM chelsea boots in glazed leather
ADRIEN chelsea boots in box saint laurent leather
ROMAN boots in smooth leather
AUGUSTIN boots in smooth leather
WYATT harness boots in suede
wyatt harness boots in smooth leather
WYATT chelsea boots in suede
wyatt chelsea boots in suede
Wyatt Chelsea boots in suede
DOUBLE-WRAP BRACELET IN TEJUS AND METAL
DOUBLE-WRAP BRACELET IN CROCODILE AND METAL
SAINT LAURENT bracelet in metal
Chain bracelet in metal
GRADUATED CHAIN BRACELET IN METAL
CASSANDRE double wrap bracelet in leather and metal
CASSANDRE multi-strand bracelet in leather
CASSANDRE double-wrap bracelet in leather
CASSANDRE RING NECKLACE IN METAL
crystal bar necklace in metal
ring necklace in sterling silver
saint laurent id plaque bracelet in leather
Tag curb chain bracelet in leather and metal
saint laurent ID plaque bracelet in smooth leather and metal
CASSANDRE tank top
crewneck bodysuit in wool jersey
crewneck bodysuit in jersey
laced cardigan in ribbed silk
Laced Tank Top in Ribbed Silk Jersey
laced tank top in ribbed silk jersey
laced T-shirt in ribbed silk
CASSANDRE T-shirt in cotton piqué
CASSANDRE polo in piqué
GABY vanity bag in pony hair leather
GABY vanity bag in lambskin
GABY vanity bag in osier
SHOPPING SAINT LAURENT IN LEATHER
Shopping Saint Laurent in leather
SHOPPING SAINT LAURENT TOY IN LEATHER
FOR HER
jacket in wool gabardine
wide-leg pants in wool gabardine
EVENING mini heart minaudière in brass
MORE GIFTS
FOR HIM
LIFESTYLE
A Night in Shanghai
Curated by Wong Kar Wai and directed by Wing Shya
VADIM belt in grained leather
VADIM belt in smooth leather
FOLK buckle belt in smooth leather
FOLK belt in smooth leather
FOLK buckle belt in brushed leather
CASSANDRE belt in lambskin
Cassandre BELT WITH SQUARE BUCKLE IN GRAINED LEATHER
CASSANDRE BELT IN SMOOTH LEATHER
rectangular buckle belt in leather
minimal belt in smooth leather
NEW CASSANDRE BUCKLE BELT IN SMOOTH LEATHER
Cassandre thin belt in smooth leather
Cassandre thin belt WITH SQUARE BUCKLE IN GRAINED LEATHER
LUX ÆTERNA
A film directed by Gaspar Noé
watch the video
CABOCHON PENDANT EARRINGS IN RESIN
ORGANIC CABOCHON PENDANT EARRINGS IN RESIN AND METAL
KNOCKER EARRINGS IN MALACHITE AND METAL
TWISTED TORTOISESHELL HOOP EARRINGS IN RESIN
petal earrings in resin and metal
Cassandre single earring in metal
CASSANDRE pendant hoop earrings in metal
CASSANDRE earring in metal
cabochon earrings in resin and metal
DRESSES AND SKIRTS
cascade skirt in floral silk muslin
cascade skirt in silk crepe muslin
midi wrap skirt in cotton velvet
midi skirt in spotted silk muslin
diamond pleated maxi skirt in silk
ruffled mini skirt in spotted silk muslin
midi skirt in prince of wales wool and cashmere
slip dress in silk satin and lace
V-neck dress in silk crepe muslin
V-neck dress in silk charmeuse and lace
Client Service
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
YOU CAN ALSO USE THIS AREA TO CONSULT THE FAQ’S, FOLLOW YOUR ORDER AND TRACK YOUR RETURN.
FOR YSL BEAUTY RELATED INQUIRIES, PLEASE CONTACT YSL BEAUTY CUSTOMER SERVICE AT +1 (866) 725-6791.
TO CONSULT OUR JOB OFFERS, PLEASE VISIT THE CAREER PAGE.
CALL US
SPEAK TO ONE OF OUR AMBASSADORS AT:
+33 1 84 95 56 00
MON-SAT 9AM-7PM EST
Email
WE STRIVE TO REPLY TO YOU WITHIN 48H DURING BUSINESS DAYS.
Aftersale services
CONTACT US FOR ANY QUESTIONS PERTAINING TO OUR REPAIR AND ALTERATION SERVICES.
in-store appointment
BOOK A PRIVATE APPOINTMENT WITH OUR IN-STORE CLIENT ADVISORS TO DISCOVER THE NEW COLLECTION.
Pick-up in store
PICK UP YOUR YSL.COM ORDER IN ONE OF OUR SAINT LAURENT STORES AT YOUR CONVENIENCE.
in-store item reservation
VISIT THE PRODUCT DETAIL PAGE TO RESERVE THE PRODUCTS YOU WOULD LIKE TO TRY ON IN ONE OF OUR SAINT LAURENT STORES.
WOMEN ’ S FALL 25
FIND A STORE
BAGS NEW ARRIVALS
SEE ALL BAGS
MESSENGERS
CROSSBODY
BRIEFCASES
GABY large vanity bag in lambskin
GABY bucket bag in lambskin
GABY bucket bag in raffia
LOULOU small in MATELASSÉ lambskin
v-waist long baggy jeans in 90's french black denim
v-waist long baggy jeans in 50's blue
V-WAIST LONG BAGGY JEANS in midnight black denim
Nico Low-Rise Jeans in Sicily Blue Denim
Straight Jeans in Carbon Black Denim
Straight Jeans in Benjamin Blue Denim
overshirt in puppy tooth
CASSANDRE shirt in tartan
80's Jacket in Vintage Blue Denim
Clyde pants in corduroy
Clyde Jeans in August Blue Denim
Cassandre overshirt in Trouville Beach Blue Denim
Cassandre Shirt in Raven Black Denim
CASSANDRE SHIRT IN DAY BLUE DENIM
SAINT LAURENT PARIS credit card wallet in grain de poudre leather
Saint Laurent Paris credit card case in grain de poudre leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS fragments zipped card case in grain de poudre leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS credit card wallet in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS card case in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS FRAGMENTS zip card case in smooth leather
TINY CASSANDRE credit card wallet in grained leather
TINY CASSANDRE card case in grained leather
TINY CASSANDRE FRAGMENTS zip card case in grained leather
TINY CASSANDRE credit card wallet in shiny leather
TINY CASSANDRE BUSINESS CARD CASE IN GLOSSY LEATHER
TINY CASSANDRE Zipped Fragments credit card case in SHINY LEATHER
Parthenope
A film directed by Paolo Sorrentino
Production
A Fremantle film produced by The Apartment Pictures, a Fremantle company, and Pathé in association with Numero 10, in association with Piperfilm and Saint Laurent
Producers
Lorenzo Mieli for The Apartment Pictures, a Fremantle company, Anthony Vaccarello for Saint Laurent, Paolo Sorrentino for Numero 10 and Ardavan Safaee for Pathé
Executive producers
Douglas Urbanski
Casting in alphabetical order
Dario Aita, Celeste Dalla Porta, Silvia Degrandi, Isabella Ferrari, Lorenzo Gleijeses, Biagio Izzo, Marlon Joubert, Peppe Lanzetta, Nello mMscia, Gary Oldman, Silvio Orlando, Luisa Ranieri, Daniele rienzo, Stefania Sandrelli, Alfonso Santagata
Cinematographer
Daria D'Antonio
Costume artistic director
Anthony Vaccarello for Saint Laurent
Costume designer
Carlo Poggioli
Editor
Cristiano Travaglioli
Production designer
Carmine Guarino
Music by
Daniele Marchitelli
Casting by
Annamaria Sambuco and Massimo Appolloni
Film length
2h15 minutes
Langue
Italian
Pathé handles international sales of the film and will also distribute the film in France and Switzerland. A24 will distribute the movie in North America.
PUFFER SMALL in Nappa leather
PUFFER SMALL in suede
Toy Puffer in lambskin
Toy PUFFER in suede
PUFFER MEDIUM in Nappa leather
Toy Puffer in shiny leather
Toy PUFFER in lambskin
GABY micro vanity bag in lambskin
LOULOU MINI in lambskin
VELVET HEAT
SHADES OF SUMMER
WOMEN’S FALL 25
MEN’S FALL 25
SL PRODUCTIONS
Emilia Pérez
A film directed by Jacques Audiard
Oscar 2025 Awards
Best actress in supporting role Zoe Saldaña Best music for el mal music by Clément Ducol and Camille
César 2025 Awards
Best film Best director Jacques Audiard Best adaptation Jacques Audiard Best original music Clément Ducol and Camille Best sound Erwan Kerzanet, Aymeric Devoldère, Cyril Holtz, Niels Barletta Best cinematography Paul Guilhaume Best visual effects Cédric Fayolle
BAFTA 2025 Awards
Best foreign film Best actress in supporting role Zoe Saldaña
SAG 2025 Awards
Best actress in supporting role Zoe Saldaña
GOYA 2025 Awards
Best European film
Critics' choice 2025 Awards
Best actress in supporting role Zoe Saldaña Best film in foreign language Best music for el mal music by Clément Ducol and Camille
Golden Globes 2025 Awards
Best Motion Picture Musical or Comedy Best Non-English Language Motion Picture Best Supporting Female Actor Motion Picture Zoe Saldaña Best Original Song Motion Picture Clement Ducol, Camille & Jacques Audiard
Cannes Film Festival 2024 Awards
Jury Prize Best Actresses Ensemble
A Why Not Productions and Page 114 Film, in coproduction with Saint Laurent Productions, Pathé, France 2 Cinema
Pascal Caucheteux for Why Not Productions; Jacques Audiard and Valérie Schermann for Page 114; Anthony Vaccarello for Saint Laurent; Ardavan Safee for Pathé
Casting
Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón, Selena Gomez, Edgar Ramirez, Adriana Paz
Composers
Clément Ducol and Camille
Choreographer
Damien Jalet
Artistic director of the film and costume designer
Virginie Montel
Paul Guilhaume
Juliette Welfling
Emmanuelle Duplay
Carla Hool and Christel Baras
2h07 minutes
English
The Veterans handles international sales of the film and Pathé Films is distributing the film in France.
LOGIN
Create an account
ENJOY A FASTER CHECKOUT EXPERIENCE AND MANAGE ALL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN YOUR DEDICATED ACCOUNT.
CASSANDRE polo shirt in wool
POLO SHIRT IN WOOL
CASSANDRE polo in wool
polo in wool
batwing sweater in half-milano knit
turtleneck in wool
turtleneck in cashmere, wool, and silk
turtleneck in cashmere
sweater in brushed knit
LE 5 À 7 bea in grained leather
LE 5 À 7 BEA in grained leather
LE 5 À 7 BEA in suede
SAINT LAURENT PARIS credit card wallet in patent leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS card case in patent leather
TINY CASSANDRE credit card case in shiny leather
MULES AND WEDGES
BABYLONE mules in smooth leather
OPYUM mules in satin crepe
DAISY mules in satin crepe
CASSANDRA wedges in smooth leather
CASSANDRA wedges in leopard grosgrain
JILL mules in smooth leather
JILL mules in leopard grosgrain
ROMY mules in smooth leather
GYM sneakers in smooth leather
SL/61 sneakers in smooth leather and suede
SL/61 sneakers in smooth leather
SL/61 sneakers in perforated leather
Sportin’ Life
A documentary directed by Abel Ferrara
The Arrangement
Directed by Bret Easton Ellis and curated by Anthony Vaccarello
oval buckle thin belt in smooth leather
oval buckle thin belt in leather
LA 66 buckle belt in lacquered leather
LA 76 belt in smooth leather
LA 66 belt in smooth leather
CASSANDRE THIN BELT WITH SQUARE BUCKLE IN BOX SAINT LAURENT LEATHER
CASSANDRE thin belt in smooth leather
reversible belt in crocodile-embossed leather
reversible belt in smooth leather
trapezoid belt in leather
trapezoid belt in grained leather
NICO platform boots in smooth leather
NICO platform booties in suede
FRANCOISE boots in smooth leather
NADJA boots in smooth leather and suede
JULIA boots in smooth leather
ODÉON boots in smooth leather
DIANE boots in grained leather
DIANE boots in suede
JILL boots in smooth leather
JILL booties in suede
EXPLORE THE RESORT SELECTION
SAC DE JOUR large slim bauletto bag in smooth leather
SAC DE JOUR large slim bauletto bag in leather
SAC DE JOUR large slim bauletto bag in alligator
DUFFLE briefcase in grain de poudre embossed leather
DUFFLE SAINT LAURENT briefcase bag in crocodile-embossed matte leather
museum small flat briefcase in black textured leather
Sac de Jour Large briefcase in grained leather
sac de jour briefcase in grained leather
SAINT LAURENT briefcase in BOX SAINT LAURENT
POUCHES
CASSANDRE large envelope pouch in lambskin
CASSANDRE large envelope pouch in nylon
SAINT LAURENT PARIS pouch in leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS small pouch in pony hair leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS vanity case in leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS Grooming case in grain de poudre leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS small grooming case in grain de poudre leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS small vanity case in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS small pouch in leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS CUBE CASE IN ECONYL® REGENERATED NYLON
Saint Laurent Paris zipped tablet holder in grain de poudre-leather
TINY CASSANDRE zip tablet holder in crocodile-embossed leather
CASSANDRE zipped tablet holder in grain de poudre leather
Y top-handle bucket in leather
Y large hobo in leather
duffle SAC DE JOUR in supple leather
SAC DE JOUR in supple leather - LARGE
YVES SAINT LAURENT
THE FOUNDER
PIERRE BERGÉ INTERVIEWS YVES SAINT LAURENT
(C) ESTATE JEANLOUP SIEFF
MUSÉE YVES SAINT LAURENT PARIS
1961
The house of Saint Laurent is founded by Yves Saint Laurent and Pierre Bergé at 30 bis rue Spontini, Paris. Its iconic logo, entwining the initials ‘YSL’, is designed by the French graphic Artis Adolphe Jean-Marie Mouron, known as Cassandre. Its original form is still used as part of the house iconography today.
1962
On Monday, January 29 1962, the first collection for the house of Saint Laurent is presented, to immediate international acclaim. The first piece created by the ateliers is a little black dress.
1966
Saint Laurent launches a boutique to sell a unique ready-to-wear line, the first ever to be given the same attention and creativity energy as haute couture. Underscoring both the location of its first boutique in the 6th and a source of inspiration constantly behind the house - the avant-garde Left Bank of Paris - it is first named Saint Laurent Rive Gauche. It transforms the fashion industry, and invents designer ready-to-wear.
© Musée Yves Saint Laurent Paris
1967
The house of Saint Laurent first collaborates with film, designing the wardrobe of Catherine Deveuve for Luis Buñuel’s landmark film Belle de Jour, including pieces from both haute couture and ready-to-wear collections.
1968
Again a first - Saint Laurent launches a ready-to-wear collection for men, Saint Laurent Rive Gauche pour Hommes, opening a boutique the following year.
1971
The House of Saint Laurent presents its Spring/Summer 1971 haute couture collection, titled ‘Libération’ and inspired by the 1940s. Initially causing a scandal, its strong-shouldered silhouette sets the template for the 1980s, and becomes a hallmark of the house.
1974
The house of Saint Laurent moves to 5 avenue Marceau, Paris, where the Musée Yves Saint Laurent now stands.
1976
In July, the house of Saint Laurent stages an opulent Fall/Winter haute couture show inspired by the costumes of the Ballets Russes (1909-1929). It is the first Saint Laurent show presented on a raised catwalk, changing the way fashion is perceived - opulent and decorative, it approaches fashion as an art form.
1977
Drawing inspiration from Asian culture, the house of Saint Laurent presents a collection dedicated to China. This coincides with the launch of a new perfume titled Opium - the first time a couture collection had ever been conceived around a scent. Connecting egalitarian and democratic perfume with the magic of haute couture, Saint Laurent perceived a new plurality of fashion communication.
1983
Yves Saint Laurent and the house of Saint Laurent are subject to a retrospective exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York. It is the first time a living designer has ever been honored in such a manner.
1997
In an exceptional move - indicating his intention for the house of Saint Laurent to continue after he himself retired, and to cement his creative legacy - Yves Saint Laurent appoints the designers Alber Elbaz and Hedi Slimane to head the Saint Laurent Rive Gauche womens and mens lines respectively, while he continues to design the haute couture.
1999
Gucci Group purchases the house of Saint Laurent in December. In January 2000, Tom Ford is announced as creative director of the Saint Laurent ready-to-wear lines for men and women.
2002
In January 2002, Yves Saint Laurent retires from the house of Saint Laurent following a spectacular retrospective haute couture show at the Centre Pompidou. The haute couture arm of the house officially closes in October - Saint Laurent’s legacy will continue purely through its ready-to-wear lines.
2004
Succeeding Tom Ford, Stefano Pilati is appointed creative director of the house of Saint Laurent.
2012
Hedi Slimane is appointed creative director of the house. The label is rebranded to simply read ‘Saint Laurent’, referencing the ready-to-wear logo design and name originally conceived in 1966.
2015
The house of Saint Laurent moves its creative operation to 24 Rue De L'Université on Paris’ Left Bank, an address that emphasizes the ties of the house to this inspirational arrondissement of the city.
2016
Anthony Vaccarello is appointed creative director of the house of Saint Laurent.
2017
The operations of the house of Saint Laurent move to 37 rue de Bellechasse, once again on the Left Bank of Paris.
2022
The house of Saint Laurent presents its Men’s Spring/Summer 2023 fashion show in Marrakech, the first time the house has staged a show in a significant locale that served as both refuge and muse to Yves Saint Laurent himself. It is also the first fashion show presented by a major European luxury house on the African continent.
The Shrouds
A film directed by David Cronenberg
Saïd Ben Saïd, Martin Katz and Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello present an SBS, Prospero Pictures and Saint Laurent Productions production with the participation of Telefilm Canada, Eurimages, Ontario Creates in association with Sphere Films, Crave and CBC Films with the support of Canal+, OCS and of the Centre National Du Cinema Et De L’image Animée
Co-producers
Steve Solomos
Kevin Chneiweiss, Kateryna Merkt, Marieke Tricoire, Charles Tremblay, Ariane Giroux-dallaire
Vincent Cassel, Diane Kruger, Guy Pearce, Sandrine Holt
Director of photography
Douglas Koch CSC
Carol Spier
Christopher Donaldson
Anne Dixon
Costume artistic creator
Deirdre Bowen
Howard Shore
2h00 minutes
Trailer Of A Movie That Will Never Exist: "Phony Wars"
A film directed by Jean-Luc Godard
Resort
FLATS
BABYLONE sandals in smooth leather
BABYLONE sandals in smooth and metallic leather
CASSANDRA sandals in smooth leather
LIDO slip-ons in smooth leather
LIDO slip-ons in leopard grosgrain
LOU ballerinas in satin crepe
BABYLONE slingback flats in smooth leather
NOUR slippers in satin crepe and rhinestones
NOUR slippers in suede
CARLYLE SLIDES in smooth leather
CARLYLE slides in glazed leather
MORE SHOES
FLAT SANDALS
FLATS AND LOAFERS
LE LOAFER supple in smooth leather
LE LOAFER supple in pony hair leather
LE LOAFER SUPPLE in suede
LE LOAFER foldable in patent eel
LAURENT loafers in smooth leather
LE LOAFER mules in shiny creased leather
LE LOAFER mules in eel
SAINT LAURENT PRODUCTIONS
Saint Laurent Productions is proud to announce three long featured films in competition in the 2024 official selection of the 77th edition of the Cannes Film Festival: «Emilia Pérez» by Jacques Audiard, «The Shrouds» by David Cronenberg and «Parthenope» by Paolo Sorrentino. Saint Laurent Productions is a registered subsidiary of the house, marks the first fashion house to count the full-fledged production of films among its activities. The division, envisioned by Anthony Vaccarello for Saint Laurent, is in line with Vaccarello’s assured steering of the brand into the future, while echoing the cinematic breadth and nuances of his collections.
The Passion According to Béatrice
A film directed by Fabrice Du Welz
Cannes Film Festival 2024
A short movie directed by Bret Easton Ellis
6 place Saint Sulpice Perfume
24 rue de l'Université Perfume
37 rue de bellechasse Perfume
6 place Saint Sulpice Candle
24 rue de l'Université Candle
37 rue de Bellechasse Candle
CABOCHON TRILOGY RING IN RESIN AND METAL
loop ring in metal
CABOCHON DOME RING IN AGATE AND METAL
CASSANDRE crocodile brooch in metal
CASSANDRE scarf ring in metal
CASSANDRE pearl and ball ring in metal
CASSANDRE RING IN METAL
NEW ARRIVALS
CASSANDRE chain pouch in lambskin
CASSANDRE chain pouch in shiny leather
CASSANDRE chain pouch in raffia
CASSANDRE large envelope pouch in shiny leather
CASSANDRE large envelope pouch in suede
EXPLORE MORE
SOLFERINO mini bag in smooth leather
SEE ALL SMALL LEATHER GOODS
LEATHER AND OUTERWEAR
Saint Laurent bomber jacket in grained lambskin
Saint Laurent bomber jacket in bubbled lambskin
blouson in grained lambskin
bomber jacket in water-repellent nylon serge
down puffer jacket in water-repellent canvas
bomber jacket in bubbled lambskin and shearling
bomber jacket in suede and shearling
long coat in bubbled lambskin
long coat in plunged lambskin
LA 66 buckle belt in leather
LE 5 à 7
LE 5 À 7 supple small in grained leather
LE 5 À 7 supple baby in raffia
LE 5 À 7 supple baby in suede
LE 5 À 7 BEA in cord and leather
SHIRTS
CASSANDRE shirt in wool tartan
CASSANDRE shirt in cotton check
shirt in squared wool etamine
shirt in silk twill
tartan shirt in cotton voile
Shirt in Matte and Shiny Striped Silk
Shirt in Matte And Shiny Cassandre Striped Silk
striped shirt
shirt in striped silk
CASSANDRE shirt in cotton voile
CASSANDRE shirt in striped silk
CASSANDRE shirt in hairline-stripe cotton poplin
jacket in corduroy
jacket in prince of wales silk and cashmere
culottes in prince of wale silk and cashmere
CASSANDRE jacket in wool gabardine
jacket in wool chiné
wide-leg pants in wool canvas
wide-leg pants in wool chiné
shirt in oxford stripe cotton
oval buckle thin belt in crocodile-embossed leather
SL 790
ASTON sneakers in leather and nylon
BUMP sneakers in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT small satchel in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT small satchel in leather
SAINT LAURENT camera case in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT large case in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT small case in smooth leather
SAINT LAURENT PARIS nano case in smooth leather
LE TUC giant crossbody bag in grained leather
LE MONOGRAMME CROSSBODY BAG IN CASSANDRE CANVAS AND SMOOTH LEATHER
LE TUC crossbody bag in lambskin
CITY SAINT LAURENT CAMERA BAG IN GRAINED LEATHER
CITY SAINT LAURENT NEW CAMERA BAG IN ECONYL® REGENERATED NYLON
CITY SAINT LAURENT mini camera bag in nylon
Camp camera bag in grained leather
Camp camera bag in ECONYL® and lambskin
SAINT LAURENT small crossbody bag in smooth leather
Directed by
Fabrice Du Welz
Screeplay
Fabrice Du Welz, Clément Roussier
Starring
Béatrice Dalle, Clément Roussier
Produced by
Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello, VIXENS GARY FARKAS, CLÉMENT LEPOUTRE, OLIVIER MULLER
Co-produced by
Frakas Productions, Jean-Yves Roubin, Cassandre Warnauts
CHANDELLE sandals in satin crepe
CHANDELLE sandals in smooth leather
BABYLONE sandals in smooth leather and metal
Cassandra sandals in patent leather
CASSANDRA sandals in patent leather
OPYUM Sandals in patent leather
OPYUM slingback sandals in smooth leather
OPYUM slingback sandals in vegetable-tanned leather
DEBBIE platform sandals in satin crepe
DEBBIE platform sandals in metallic leather
DEBBIE platform sandals in smooth leather
CITY backpack in nylon ripstop and leather
City backpack in ECONYL®, smooth leather and nylon
city backpack in canvas, nylon and leather
city backpack in CROCODILE-EMBOSSED leather
city backpack in matte leather
CITY backpack in nylon canvas and leather
CITY backpack in nylon
saint laurent embroidered city backpack in canvas
SAINT LAURENT backpack in ECONYL® and vegetable-tanned leather
sac de jour backpack in grained leather
City trekking backpack in ECONYL®, smooth leather and nylon
CASSANDRE large envelope pouch in nubuck
CASSANDRE large envelope clutch in python
CASSANDRE small envelope pouch in lambskin
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ CARRÉ pouch on chain in shiny canvas
CASSANDRE MATELASSÉ CARRÉ mini cube on chain in shiny leather
