OUR GOALS FOR OUR PLANET AND ITS PEOPLE
To unite a community of changemakers to lift, strengthen and sustain our planet and the people it homes.
The Gymshark family is united through the steps we take today to prepare for tomorrow. That’s not only with the weight in our hands or the miles on our feet, but with our goal to do more for the future of our planet and its people.
We know we’re not as good as we can be. But we will be better. We will do better. Because our planet doesn’t have time for empty words, and neither do we.
Sustainability can be complicated and it can mean a lot of different things. For Gymshark, it means three.
These are our goals. And this is how we’re going reach them.
We only have one planet. And we need to do more for its future. Our goals are to improve our community’s environment, reduce our environmental impact, and help the Gymshark family do better, too.
OUR PLANET
We are one community, from supply chain to squat rack. Our goals are to always respect human rights, create safe working spaces, help all workers receive a fair living wage, and stay transparent on the factories we use.
OUR PEOPLE
Instead of taking materials, making products, and then throwing them away, we want to extend our products’ lifecycle and reduce the amount of waste we create. Our goals are to make our products last longer, reduce our reliance on fossil fuels and water, and increase the recyclability of our products.
WEAR MORE WASTE LESS
© 2025 | Gymshark UK | All Rights Reserved. | Be a visionary.
SHOP
Bag Accessories
filter & sort
Fresh Lilac
Black
Refresh Yellow
Sour Pink
Muted Pink
Viewing 1 - 5 of 5 products
Keychains
Help
My Account
Pages
more about gymshark
© 2025 | Gymshark Limited | All Rights Reserved. | We Do Gym.
Shop Gymshark for 10% OFF Your Fitness Gear
Exclusive benefit for all WeSalute Members
WeSalute Members Get an Exclusive 10% OFF Gymshark Fitness Gear & Apparel
Gymshark thanks all WeSalute Members with 10% everyday savings on their fitness gear and clothing.
You're eligible for a 10% OFF site-wide discount on fitness apparel every day of the year in our private Gymshark.com store, built exclusively for WeSalute Members. You can also combine your 10% savings with public sales and free standard shipping on $75+ orders.
Gymshark is a modern fitness brand for both men and women, offering a full range of gym and swimwear apparel, and accessories to help you reach your fitness goals. With WeSalute, you get 10% OFF on leggings, t-shirts, hoodies, underwear, socks, swimwear, and accessories like headwear, bags, bottles, lifting straps and gloves, and much more!
Discount can only be applied at online checkout and is not available retroactively.
Learn more about Gymshark
Ready to Get Started?
Enroll with WeSalute for the nationally-recognized WeSalute+ Card and exclusive partner discounts we’ve created to enhance your lifestyle. You qualify if you are active duty, a retiree, veteran, current or former guard & reserve, or an immediate family member.
Yes, Get me Started
More WeSalute Military & Veteran Benefits
Try A Fresh Approach To Dog Food! Get 70% Off Your First Box Of Healthy Food With The Farmer’s Dog
Obermeyer Honors You With an Exclusive 40% OFF on Outerwear and Skiwear
Totem Honors You With Exclusive Savings on Electric Bikes
FavoriteBikes Honors You With Exclusive 30% Savings on E-Bikes
Save 10% on MinuteClinic at CVS Pharmacy and Target
CVS Pharmacy® Honors You With Health Care Savings and Drug Discounts
Get More with your WeSalute+ ID Card
Add deeper discounts and additional benefits.
Personal Benefits Specialist
Schedule a consultation to get the most out of WeSalute+
Secure Military ID
Your WeSalute+ ID Card
Travel Protection
Travel Medical Insurance
Exclusive Discounts
Members Only Savings
Join Our Community.
Yes, Get Me Started
Copyright 2000 - 2025 , WeSalute (founded as Veterans Advantage, PBC). All Rights Reserved.
Founded by U.S. Military Veterans for Veterans & families, the program grows thanks to the support of its members and partners.
This is an image gallery carousel with clickable slides. Activate any of the buttons to zoom an image. Use Next and Previous buttons to navigate, up or down within the container.
Adapt Fleck x Whitney Tank With Shelf
Members get double XP on ANY new item in the Whitney X Adapt Fleck range until 7/8, 6:59PM EST. Not a member? Sign up now
Please select a size
Enter your email, we'll notify you
Add to bag
Standard Delivery (4-7 Working Days)
Express Delivery (3 Working Days)
15% Student Discount
FOR THE IT GIRLS OF THE GYM WORLD
Adapt has long been every gym girl’s ride-or-die: squat-proof, supportive, so. damn. good. And Adapt Fleck by Whitney Simmons is no different. Made for the it girls of the gym world, it's here to help you be loudly & proudly you every time you step into the gym.
SIZE & FIT
MATERIALS & CARE
SKU: B5C1E-BBDG
Standard Shipping - $5 USD
Estimated Delivery 4-7 working days. *Once your order has shipped.
Free Standard Delivery on orders $75
Express Shipping - $15 USD
Estimated delivery 3 working days. *Once your order has shipped.
Returns
Free 30-Day Return Policy, excluding final sale items, underwear, bottles, and swimwear.
This is a carousel of products. Use Next and Previous buttons to navigate slides, or use native scroll controls to freely navigate slides.
Mineral/Black
compression fit
Black/Smokey Grey
White
What Length Gym Shorts Should I Be Wearing?
12.31.24
/
Last Edited 12.31.24
The fit of your gym shorts is about as important as finding the playlist that’ll take you through a 1RM. Let us explain; too short, and you’re spending your whole workout nervous about revealing a little too much, but too long, and you’ll feel unsupported and restricted by excess fabric.
We know shopping for workout shorts can be overwhelming. Considering length, activity, and what’s in trend, it’s no easy feat. But finding your perfect length can be a game changer when it comes to your training, and we won’t judge you if you buy more than one pair of shorts because of it.
Read on to find the best short length for your height, style, and activity with our detailed guide. With all the info you need and advice from our menswear designer, James Redish, you’ll soon feel confident shopping for a pair of shorts.
What Is The Inseam On Shorts?
“The inseam of your shorts is the length of the inside leg from the rise seam (crotch) to the hem.” says our menswear designer, James Redish.
Often measured in inches, it’s a key sizing measurement that will determine which pair of shorts you’ll end up buying.
Most of us have heard of the rule ‘shorts should be 2 inches above the knee’, but with fashion trends constantly changing, this might be as outdated as skinny jeans and ankle socks. In recent years, hoochie daddy shorts have taken centre stage, gaining notoriety for being shorter than short, while social media has helped the resurgence of old-school basketball shorts. So, finding the perfect short length for you just isn’t a one-size-fits-all.
To find out what your perfect inseam is, find a pair of shorts (workout or otherwise) that fit you well length-wise. Take them off, lay them down, and measure the distance between the crotch and the bottom of the inner leg. This will give you your preferred inseam.
If you don’t have a pair of shorts that you like the length of and you’re finding your shorts are too long for you, try putting them on and rolling them up to the perfect length, then clip them in place and remove the shorts. When off, you can measure the inseam length to capture the desired length.
Alternatively, if you feel the shorts you have are too short, you might want to measure the inseam as it is and opt for the next length up.
What Length Should My Gym Shorts Be?
The right inseam for you is dependent not just on preference, but also on your height and the activities that you’ll be wearing them for. While some athletic shorts require more range of movement (ROM) and therefore, less fabric, for others, you’ll want slightly more coverage for a comfortable fit. Here are the most common inseam lengths that you’ll find available:
5” Inseam: The shorter of the bunch, 5-inch shorts will generally sit on the upper thigh, making them perfect for running unrestricted and flaunting your quads on leg day .
7” Inseam: One of the most popular lengths, and it’s no wonder why, 7-inch shorts should sit on your mid to lower thigh and are the epitome of versatility - they’re ready for whatever’s on the agenda.
9” Inseam: Dipping into longer territory, 9-inch shorts can sit at or just above the knee, depending on your height. Offering a little more coverage than their shorter counterparts, they are ideal for any gym workout.
11” Inseam: 11-inch shorts are the longest of the bunch and generally sit on or below the knee; this length may be a little restrictive for the gym but will bring style and comfort to rest day.
How To Find The Right Inseam Length For My Activity
A popular inseam length of choice for running shorts is 3-4 inches. "Running benefits having a smaller inseam as it promotes freedom of movement, feels lighter and more breathable due to their being less fabric" says James Redish. You can afford to go shorter her due to the linear motion you create when running - there’s no deep squatting or bending involved, so you don’t need to worry about the limited fabric stretching or lifting in unwanted places.
We’re all about working out in what makes you feel comfortable, so if the thought of short-shorts makes you recoil, why not try 2-in-1 shorts which contain a slightly longer, fitted pair of inner shorts for additional coverage and a little extra support.
For generalist gym-goers, 5” and 7” shorts should be your go-to. The ideal all-rounders; these mid-length shorts offer the best of both worlds by keeping most of your leg free, offering freedom of movement and breathability. So you can stay cool as you work up a sweat while remaining comfortably covered.
Shorter shorts such as 5” and 4” are a cult fave for bodybuilding and weightlifting. Think back to the golden era of bodybuilding, and it’s short-shorts and stringers that come to mind. Sitting at the upper thigh, 4” and 5” shorts offer more than just an opportunity to flex your quads. With less fabric sitting around your leg and restricting your movement, it’s easier to reach deeper in your squats and hinge freely during your deadlifts, gains loading.
When it comes to hybrid training , you need to be able to move your body in every twist, jump, and lift at speed, so shorts that support your movement are a no-brainer. That’s why we’d recommend mid-length 5” and 7” shorts, which generally sit at the mid-thigh and allow for unrestricted movement and breathability, while also providing the coverage and support you need to comfortably move from burpee to v-up. Lightweight and moisture-wicking, our 7-inch shorts are exactly what you need to hit your goals.
Our 2-in-1 shorts also make a great match for HIIT and functional workouts, thanks to the fitted inner shorts that help keep you supported and covered from every angle as you go set after set.
On rest days, it’s 9” and 11” shorts that take centre stage. The longest of their counterparts, 9” shorts such as jogger shorts offer a comfy and relaxed fit that’s perfect for active recovery exercises such as walking, stretching, and lounging. The longer and looser fit gives laid-back vibes, while more spacious pockets allow you to store everything you need for the day ahead.
The way your shorts fit is as individual as your workout goals, but there are risks associated with them not fitting quite right. Too tight and you are restricted and packed in, risking them ripping while moving, but too loose and you forego support and put yourself at risk of them dropping down as you put in the work. So take a look at our pointers below and put them to the test.
Waistband:
The waistband on your gym shorts should fit comfortably, you want them to feel secure and held in place but not so tight that it’s digging in or uncomfortable in when moving. Test exercises like squatting, deadlifting and jumping, and ensure the shorts aren’t falling down or digging in. For a customizable fit, opt for a pair of shorts that have an adjustable waistband with a front-tie drawcord.
Legs:
You don’t want your gym shorts to fit too tight around the legs, in particular the thighs, crotch, or glutes, as these can be restrictive areas when work out and might put you at risk of an accidental rip. Test lunging, deadlifting and stretching in your shorts to ensure there is enough material for you to do so comfortably.
Length:
Still unsure how to find the right length gym shorts? Well, lucky for you we’ve got you covered — literally. Scroll up for a reminder on how to measure and choose short-length.
For your workout fit, it’s short-shorts (3” and 5”) that are in style, put back on the map thanks to the likes of TikTok and celebrities advocating for the trend. But when it comes to rest day style, we’re seeing a resurgence in retro street style, making longer shorts (9” and 11”), such as basketball shorts , take centre stage for the perfect laid-back look.
At the end of the day, the length of your shorts isn’t a big deal—while certain lengths offer advantages for specific sports, the most important thing is choosing what feels best for you. And while it might be important for you to keep up with the trends, they’re changing all the time anyway, so make sure you feel good in the length you opt for. If you’re really not sure on what length of shorts to go for… it never hurts to ask your partner or trusted friend for some advice on what looks best on you.
Meet Maaria, a local search expert who has a special knack for knowing exactly what you're searching for - whether that's on Google, TikTok or Reddit.
Need help with anything?
Got any questions about anything you’ve seen, get in touch with our friendly support team.
Caps
Functional, versatile and an athleisure staple, our caps are the perfect fusion of comfort and style. Designed for both workout and rest days, Gymshark caps come in a range of colours, shapes and breathable materials, so they look and feel just as good when you're in the gym as they do when you're catching up with friends. Choose from baseball caps, snapbacks and more.
Linen Brown/Camo Brown/Pebble Grey
Titanium Blue
Athletic Green
Oat White/Classic Green
Athletic Red
Oat White
Deep Fawn Brown/Black
Ecru White
Gentle Blue
Oat White/Heavy Blue
Oat White/Deep Fawn Brown
Reps Red/Titanium Blue
Athletic Blue
Blossom Pink
Fair Pink
Viewing 1 - 29 of 29 products
Workout Caps
Get ready to turn heads with our selection of women’s and men’s Caps, available in an array of colours and styles. Shop our range of Gym Caps today, with styles including Flat Caps, Snapbacks and Baseball Caps.
A Gymshark Cap includes features such as mesh panelling for breathability, adjustable straps for a snug fit and detailed statement pieces. Making this the ultimate range for both comfort and style.
So, whether you’re lifting, running or enjoying a rest day, you can do so with our lifestyle and gym caps. Plus, you can enjoy peace of mind when shopping online with us, thanks to our free returns policy.
All Accessories | Gym Headwear | Gym Beanies | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | All Bags | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
mens
Running Shorts
Our running and track shorts offer a range of key features that contribute to comfort, style and running performance. Lightweight materials, quick-drying fabrics, anti-chafing designs and a variety of versatile, on-trend designs mean there's no shortage of options when it comes to your running shorts.
All Mens Shorts
Choose from on-trend cuts, colours and designs to suit every shape and need.
5” SHORTS
A great all-rounder, shows off your quads.
7” SHORTS
A great all-rounder, a little extra quad coverage.
2-IN-1 SHORTS
Perfect balance of support & a roomier, loose fit.
GRAPHIC SHORTS
Your gym staples but with some statement graphics.
BLACK GYM SHORTS
You can’t go wrong with a tried & trusted staple.
slim fit
Chestnut Pink
regular fit
Heavy Blue/Iron Blue
Deep Petrol Blue
Athletic Blue/Black
Smoke Blue/Black
Darkest Teal
Morning Blue
Base Green
Strength Green
Silhouette Grey
Core Olive
Navy
Celeste Blue
Dark Grey/Black
Graphite Grey
Classic Blue
Strength Green/Utility Green
Dark Grey
Weighted Purple/Black
Cherry Purple
Smokey Grey
Cool Blue
Coral Red
Steel Purple
Conditioning Red
Light Grey
Chalk Green
Unit Green
Weighted Purple
Cement Brown
Viewing 1 - 60 of 116 products
Men's Running Shorts
Our collection of men's running shorts has something for everyone, whether you’re working your way up to a 5k or training for an ultra-marathon. Our men's running shorts come in a range of lengths, including 3” and 5”, and you can also choose from a range of colours and styles. Shop the essentials of black and grey, which go with any look, or even add a splash of colour for something a little more adventurous.
Our collection of running and track shorts are created to keep you comfortable, limit distractions and help you to stay focused on achieving that new PB. You can move freely with every stride thanks to lightweight materials that have a barely-there feel.
Ventilation is an absolute necessity when it comes to your running shorts, it could be the difference between smashing your run or not enjoying it at all. Our running shorts are designed to be breathable, even when you are struggling for breath, and sweat-wicking materials help to draw sweat away form your skin, keeping you feeling cool and dry.
Our men’s running shorts are designed with performance in mind. Split seams allow for increased movement and flex, keeping you comfortable when you’re clocking up the miles. Drawcord waistbands keep your shorts firmly in place, so there's no slipping down with each step. Look out for design features that take it step further, such as reflective branding for extra visibility, or pockets that allow you to run hands-free.
Muscle Fit Shirts
If there’s one thing we do best, it’s muscle-accentuating fits, and that means muscle shirts too. Our muscle-fit shirts are created with smooth, fitted fabrics that sit flush on your arms and shoulders, accentuating your physique as you get the reps in. Show off the gains you work for with comfy fabrics that stretch and flex with you. Back and bi’s anyone?
muscle fit
Deep Petrol Blue/Unit Green
Black/Charcoal Grey
Morning Blue/Celeste Blue
Black/Vivid Red
Navy/Heavy Blue
Black/Silhouette Grey
Meteor Grey
Brand Blue
Trail Green
White/Light Grey
Stone Grey Marl
Light Grey/Smokey Grey
White/Black/Stone Grey Marl
Linen Brown/Camo Brown
Black/Sets Red
Cargo Blue/Cool Blue
Denim Grey/Pebble Grey/Lifestyle Brown
Core Olive/Deep Olive Green
Black/Onyx Grey
Black/Light Grey
Black/Carmine Red
Viewing 1 - 44 of 44 products
Men’s Muscle Fit Shirts
Gymshark was born in the weight room and physique accentuating silhouettes are part of our story. Our muscle fit shirts are Created with functional fabrics and designs that accentuate your physique - perfect for showing off those gains.
Within our range of long sleeve muscle fit shirts and muscle t-shirts, you can find a variety of styles to choose from. Our Apollo collection features the classic Gymshark Silhouette, while the Bold collection is full of graphic logos and textured prints. Browse through a range of colours, from black muscle fit shirts to vibrant oranges, to find your perfect style.
Designed to accentuate your physique so that you can feel your best no matter the workout, muscle fit shirts sit closer to the body than your regular workout t-shirts. The physique accentuating design on muscle fit shirts means they can also be tapered at the waist too. Our muscle fit gym or workout shirts allows you to see your muscles work as you exercise, whilst containing contain light elastane to offer you the stretch you need for each push, pull and flex.
A comfortable and versatile piece that can easily be incorporated into multiple outfits, this season, utilise lightweight layering choices to flex your style. Pair your muscle fit t-shirt with a neutral pair of Shorts , long crew socks and accessorise with a gym bag and hoodie for early-morning commutes. When your rest day calls, style your muscle fit shirt with skinny joggers for a physique enhancing look from head-to-toe.
SKU: B5C1E-PCGN
regular
Cherry Purple/Rich Maroon
Reviews
Based on 1 reviews
0% who purchased would recommend this
AVERAGE RATINGS
Takoyakimama
Verified buyer
3
Super flattering. Only complaint is how much cleavage is shown on me. Its just a personal opinion, I didn't think it would be so low cut. I wish gymshark had more high neck to... See more
THE LEGGINGS GUIDE
Finally find the leggings you’ve been looking for.
Loved by the Gymshark community, and soon to be loved by you (obviously). These are our PBs to help you reach yours.
Best all-rounder. Vital’s stay-put waistband, sweat-wicking tech and seamless design keeps you cool, comfy & confident.
Best for rest day & light exercise. This one’s lightweight seamless material is super comfy & great for every day.
Best for lifting. Comfy seamless fabric, a waist-snatching waistband and a unique design to lift and shape your glutes.
Best for lifting. Squat-proof with a glute-popping bum scrunch, look damn good while you put in the work in Adapt Camo, Fleck & more.
Best for yoga & pilates. Buttery soft fabric and a waist-snatching crossover design.
DO IT ALL
Get you leggings that can do…everything. Vital’s stay-put waistband, sweat-wicking tech and seamless design keeps you cool, comfy & confident.
Get you leggings that can do…everything. Vital’s stay-put waistband, sweat-wicking tech and comfy seamless design is gonna tick all your boxes.
Whether you’re after a squat-proof design for lifting, running leggings with pockets, or some super soft yoga leggings, take a look through our leggings guide and find your perfect match.
Supportive waistbands, glute-sculpting designs and thicker squat-proof fabric for leg days.
Super soft, super stretchy, super comfy, AND sweat-wicking and breathable too? Wild.
Stay-put waistbands, pockets for running hands-free, and sweat-wicking tech to keep you cool, dry and focused on every step.
Soft, stretchy, stylish designs to switch up your rest day fits.
IYKYK. Meet our leggings that lift, sculpt and contour to make your glutes pop.
Unique contour design lifts and shapes your glutes with an internal scrunch for a subtle pop.
Visible bum scrunch for a more dramatic rounding effect.
Our Softest Legging With An Invisible Bum Scrunch That Makes Your Glutes Pop.
An internal scrunch subtly accentuates your glutes.
An internal scrunch for a subtle glute pop.
Visible bum scrunch for a more obvious glute-shaping effect.
Whether you’re looking for comfy seamless leggings, high-waisted waistbands that actually stay in place, or just some leggings with pockets (pls), here are alllll the features that are gonna work for you.
Super comfy, feels like a second skin and means zero distractions whether you’re training or resting.
Do we need to say anything here?
Waistbands that cinch and snatch in the right places and actually stay in place while you’re moving.
Flared leggings that are comfy AND stylish? Idk, we spoil you.
We know this isn’t a ‘one size fits all’ situation. That’s why we have bottoms that fit every leg length. See for yourself.
Leggings with the additional inseam length needed so you don’t need to cover the ankles with your crew socks (unless you want to ofc)..
No more rolling up the leggings at the ankles. We have shorter inseam lengths so you can pick up your perfect fit.
If you don’t need a short length and you don’t need additional length, then the regular length will fit you perfectly.
Find out how your workout leggings are supposed to fit and what size you should buy with this handy guide.
Name a more versatile piece of clothing than black leggings. We’ll wait.
Wondering what to wear with your new flared leggings? Come find out with this handy guide.
Cookie Policy
Clock Last updated: 31 Jul 2025
What are cookies?
Like most websites, our websites use cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smartphones or tablets) as you browse our websites. They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites. They allow us to remember whether you are logged in to the site and what items you had in your shopping basket. Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online. They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere.
Information collected
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access our websites via the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website. All data passed by cookies is anonymous and will never contain individual detail such as your name, address, telephone number or payment information but may contain our customer reference number that is unique to you. For more detailed information about how cookies work, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How are cookies managed?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our websites are designed by:
Gymshark Limited or on our behalf, and are necessary to enable you to make purchases on our websites;
third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and
third parties who publish web banner advertisements for us.
What are cookies used for?
Cookies are used with our marketing partners to present you with appropriate offers and advertising as you browse other sites on the internet, based on your browsing activity while on our site. Cookies also allow us to work alongside our web analytics partner, Google Analytics, to see how you like to use our website, which pages or special functions you prefer and help us to make them better. We may match the data we capture through cookies with personal data that we already hold about you to better understand you. This helps us to continually improve the relevance of our promotional communications, your shopping experience and our products and services. The main purposes for which cookies are used are:
For functional purposes essential to effective operation of our websites, particularly in relation to online transactions, site navigation and preferences.
For marketing and advertising, particularly web banner advertisements and targeted updates through digital channels and social media.
To enable us to collect information about your browsing and shopping behaviour, helping us to improve your shopping experience and to monitor performance.
To enable us to meet our contractual obligations to make payments to third parties when a product is purchased by someone who has visited our website from a site operated by those parties.
Marketing cookies
Gymshark Limited work with partners who serve advertisements or present online offers on our behalf. Most of these marketing partners use both session and persistent cookies. These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. All data collected by third party cookies is anonymous and will never contain your name, address, telephone number, email address or payment details.
What type of cookies do we use?
There are two types of cookie that may be used during your visit to our site:
Session cookies Session cookies are deleted after each visit to our site. For example, when you are browsing our site, it will remember you for the duration of your visit, but the cookie will be removed from your computer as soon as you close down your internet browser. Session cookies allow you to add an item to the basket and then move through the checkout. Disallowing these cookies via your web browser will mean you are unable to place an order on this site.
Persistent cookies Persistent cookies remember you for a set period of time, allowing wishlist and/or previously viewed products to be displayed the next time you visit our site and whether you were logged into your account.
Changing your preferences
To make changes to your cookie consent preferences you can return to the banner by clicking the button below.
Turning off and deleting cookies
Most web browsers will provide the option to turn off or disallow cookies. How you do this depends on the web browser you are using. Instructions for disallowing cookies can usually be found in the browser's 'Help' menu. Note that in common with most other transactional websites, if you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our websites but refusing the cookies we have used via your web browser will mean that you are unable to make a transactional purchase on our website. You may also find that the functionality of many other websites and services will be affected. Cookies can be deleted using your web browser. However, unless they are disallowed they will be re-applied the next time you visit a website.
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How you can do this will depend on the browser you use. Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular desktop browsers are set out here (these may vary depending on operating system and browser version):
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “Tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “Privacy” tab
Select “Advanced”
Choose the appropriate settings
For Google Chrome:
Choose “Settings” and click on “Advanced”
Under "Privacy and Security" click “Content Settings”
Click “Cookies”
For Safari:
Choose Preferences > Privacy
Click on “Block all cookies”
For Mozilla firefox:
Click on the menu icon then select “Options”
Click on the icon “Privacy & Security”
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 and further:
Choose the menu icon and select “Settings”
Click on “Privacy & Security”
Gymshark Factory List
Clock Last updated: 02 Apr 2024
Gymshark Factory List 2024
Save to wishlist
Ever wish you could save all your fave fits & accessories in one place to come back to later? Almost like a ✨ wishlist ✨.
It’s Adapt Fleck, with a little Whitney flair.
HOT RIGHT NOW
With bright colours and that 80s-workout aesthetic, train and rest in these iconic styles. All you’re missing is the headband.
Running stuff so good it’ll (almost) make you want to do cardio.
Get ready for the ultimate style and performance combo with our women's gym t-shirts.
Let’s be honest, it’s always shorts season round here.
With durable, seamless fabric that sculpts your physique, it’s the most versatile gym kit you’ll own.
Turn the daily grind into the daily gains in affordable bestsellers.
NEW CHERRY PURPLE JUST DROPPED
Soft, second-skin Everyday Seamless, now in a gorgeous new Cherry Purple.
Soft White
light support
How do you train?
CHECK OUT WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
I recently bought these leggings and they are my new favourite. The fit is so flattering, I will definitely be purchasing in other colours as the quality is great.
Great fit, comfortable, they don’t ride up and they’re flattering from all angles. Easy to wash and care for, and they get softer with continued wear.
Listen! The design, the durability, the texture, the colour… 10/10 would definitely recommend! A fav for a back day!
Super soft and love the oversized fit! Will get in more colours
★★★★★
Great quality and great fit w/great flexibility! Best training short out there!
Wanted to try these to see if they live up to the hype and I have to say they are worth it! Lovely flattering fit and feel very soft.
The straps tighten which is amazing and the complete open back makes for the best look in the gym! Love the material too!!
The best leggings I have bought ever from anywhere! They are so flattering and completely squat proof. Everyone needs a pair!
By far the best purchase I have ever made!! The material , the fit everything!!!
Women's Gym & Workout Clothes
Workout Clothes for women designed to help you become your personal best. Functional and comfortable, we create workout clothing you'll sweat in. Since 2012, we've designed and created the gym clothes we want to wear, because training and its people are what we know best.
Our legacy was built in the weight room. Gymshark was founded with a love for training and that passion continues into all our workout clothes today. You'll find the latest innovation in women's gym clothing and accessories to help you perform at your best and recover in style. With sophisticated seamless technology, clever contouring, and durable, quick-dry sweat wicking fabrics, whether you're wearing leggings or sports bras , you will always feel comfortable, supported and confident in every workout.
We create the tools that help everyone become their personal best – no matter the sport. Our range of Women's Activewear is designed to give you the support you need to perform at your best, whether that's on the track, on the gym floor or in the studio.
Hybrid Training
Whether you’re out on the track, by the squat rack, or recovering in the ice bath, you live and breathe the hybrid lifestyle. Whatever comes your way, you’re ready for it, and our hybrid workout clothing is too. Lightweight, durable, and unrestricting, our hybrid fits give you freedom to run, lift, and train your way–unleashing your greatness so you can perform at your best.
oversized fit
Onyx Grey/Brand Blue
Pebble Grey
Black/Dark Grey
Viewing 1 - 60 of 196 products
Men’s Hybrid Training Clothing
Heading out on a run before sunrise–you got it. Hitting the gym for some lifting–you’re there. Recovering as hard as you train–you bet. You embrace the grind and you put in the graft–you’re a hybrid athlete after all.
It’s not enough to be good at one thing–You need to excel across disciplines, which is why our men’s hybrid gym clothing is designed with versatility in mind.
We’re talking lightweight, moisture-wicking tanks and tees to keep you cool (even though we know you’ll take it off mid-WOD, anyway) and split seam shorts for free movement during every run, burpee or clean, complete with zipper pockets deep enough so your phone doesn’t fall out mid-set.
But it’s not just during your workout that you need the right hybrid training clothes: Having layers to keep you warm when you’re queuing for registration on race day, warming up pre-event, or waiting between heats is a must.
Oh, and don’t forget the tactical backpack (are you even a ‘hybrid athlete’ without one?) that has room for lifters, grips, wrist wraps and more.
Helping you move seamlessly through every pace, set and rep, we have the hybrid training ‘fits that work just as hard as you do–so what are you waiting for? Time put in the work.
Joggers & Sweatpants
Dive into a world where comfort meets cool, and redefine your laid-back look with sweatpants that are all about keeping it real and relaxed. Whether you're crushing a tough workout or just hanging with friends, and whether you prefer them light and loose or slim and supportive, our gym joggers collection has you covered. Check out our full range of colours, cuts and styles below.
STRAIGHT LEG JOGGERS
Fabric for full comfort, straight leg for versatility.
SLIM FIT JOGGERS
Comfortable materials & sleek designs with tapered ankles.
CARGO JOGGERS
Training staples that will give you a little bit extra to store your stuff.
JOGGER SHORTS
Relaxed silhouettes, confirm that hits different.
OVERSIZED JOGGERS
The most versatile fit around. Instant gains also included.
Light Grey Core Marl
Archive Brown
Lift Green
Light Grey Marl
Charcoal Grey Marl
Lifestyle Brown
Pitch Grey
Grey
Plum Brown
Heavy Blue
Sets Red
Viewing 1 - 60 of 104 products
Men's Sweatpants & Joggers
Men's sweatpants are a wardrobe staple - it's a fact. Whether you're lounging about the house, popping out to the shops or psyching yourself up for a new PB - the chances are, you're probably rocking a pair of sweat pants. That's not something we take lightly and our joggers are where style meets comfort, whatever you’re taking on for the day. They’re also available in a range of colours, styles and fits.
Our men’s joggers have been crafted with a range of technologies to help you push through your workout. Adjustable draw cord waists that stay put, side pockets to store your stuff, lightweight materials to keep you cool and have freedom of movement, fabrics that also absorb sweat, but are durable through even the toughest workouts, and triple stitching for areas that need a little more reinforcement. Our men’s gym sweatpants really are there for you through every squat and stride.
Our rest day men’s joggers offer unbeatable comfort, with styles as easy to wear as your day is easygoing. Made with heavy-weight premium fabrics and oversized fits, you’ll be chilling out in style.
Running
Moisture-wicking, breathable and designed to enhance performance whilst providing maximum comfort. Our men's running clothes match functionality with on-trend aesthetics. Features such as discreet pockets allow you to run free and sweat-wicking materials will keep you at the optimal temperature so you can run without distraction. Headphones in, laces up, world out and let’s go.
Brick Brown
Vivid Lime
Powder Mauve
White/Black
Viewing 1 - 53 of 53 products
Men’s running clothes & running apparel
Step into comfort with Gymshark's collection of running clothes for men. Whether you're training for a marathon, hitting the trails or building up to your first 5km, our range of running apparel is designed to keep you feeling supported through every stride.
Say goodbye to overheating with sweat-wicking and breathable fabrics that keep you cool and dry as you clock up the distance. While lightweight and easy to layer pieces mean you’re protected from the elements no matter the running conditions.
Stretchy materials allow for unrestricted movement so you can run distraction-free, while sleek and on-trend designs mean you won’t want to take our men’s running gear off – the perfect combination of comfy and stylish for whatever the route has in store.
New conditioning club is here
Lightweight kit for those who move fast and lift heavy. Because why choose when you were made for it all?
THE ALL-ROUNDER SHORTS
A fam fave and our bestselling Sport Shorts.
TRENDING RIGHT NOW
Check out the new Gymshark athlete’s top picks.
Gymshark Compression Fit Shirts are all about that second skin feel, sitting ultra-tight so you can work out comfortably and distraction-free.
It's the one you reach for time and time again.
Black/Ecru White
Onyx Grey
Arrival 5" Shorts
Arrival is my favorite short style the fit is comfortable the shorts are light but durable. The only shorts I wear to the gym.
The Gymshark t-shirt is excellent—great quality, super comfortable, and made from breathable materials that feel great during workouts.
The fabric of this shirt is so soft and comfortable. Also it washes great!
Easily one of the more comfortable sweats I’ve bought from any fitness brand, and despite it being comfortable it’s still nice looking and fits very well!
I love this tee. Materials are so comfort and flexible. Perfect oversized fit! Really brings out the traps and shoulder width
Men's Gym & Workout Clothes
Men's Workout Clothes designed to help you become your personal best. Functional and comfortable, we create gym clothing you'll sweat in. Since 2012, we've designed and created the workout clothes we want to wear, because training and its people are what we know best.
Our legacy was built in the weight room. Gymshark was founded with a love for training and that passion continues into all our gym clothes today. We started with just lifting and bodybuilding clothes , but today you'll find the latest innovation in men's gym clothing and accessories to help you perform at your best and recover in style. From sweat wicking workout shirts and tank tops , to men's joggers and shorts and that are created with specific movements in mind, you will always feel comfortable and supported in every workout.
We create the tools that help everyone become their personal best – no matter the sport. Our range of Men's Activewear is designed to give you the support you need to perform at your best, whether that's on the track, on the gym floor or in the studio.
extreme oversized fit
Underwear & Basics
These might just be the comfiest boxers you’ll own. Soft, breathable and crafted for comfort, our men’s underwear is designed to have you feeling your best all day, whether it’s leg day or rest day. Our boxers briefs are created with stretchy fabrics that allow for unrestricted movement, while elasticated waistbands stay put through every squat and stride.
body fit
Black/Graphite Grey
Blue Surf/Denim Grey/Black
Black/Pitch Grey/Light Grey
Denim Grey/Titanium Blue/Black
Black/Deep Orange/Celeste Blue
Asphalt Grey
Multi Pack
Black/Black/Black
Titanium Blue/Denim Grey/Black
Reps Red
SO COMFORTABLE, YOU MIGHT FORGET THE REST OF YOUR FIT
Viewing 1 - 18 of 18 products
Men’s Boxers & Workout Underwear
For comfort where it matters most, our collection of men's underwear and boxers feature discreet panelling, stay-put waistbands and ultra-soft fabrics to reduce uncomfortable bunching under your workout clothes, making them an essential pre-gym step. Just because you're on the move, doesn't mean your boxers should too.
Designed to keep you comfortable and secure, our men’s workout underwear features materials that stretch, breathe and support, so you can focus without distraction – whether that’s in the gym, work or home. You may work hard, but our boxers work harder.
Conditioning Club Short
THE HYBRID ATHLETE'S UNIFORM
Why choose when you were built for it all? Gymshark Conditioning Club. Made for those who move fast and lift heavy. For early starts, late sessions and everything in between.
SKU: A2B1K-UDR5
Conditioning Club
Accessories
Walnut Brown
Cloud Pink
Chestnut Pink/Rest Pink/Oat White
White/Light Grey Core Marl/Black
Camo Brown/ Cement Brown
Ice Pink
Athletic Burgundy
Black/Black
White/Black/Light Grey Marl
Viewing 1 - 60 of 271 products
Gym Accessories
Explore our collection of gym accessories for a range of workout essentials. Gymshark hats and gym towels keep sweat under control, and our signature water bottles allow for ultimate hydration even on long days in and out of the gym. Pair these necessities with our extensive and unique men's gym wear and women's workout clothing for innovative and stylish outfits that keep you performing at your best. Take your workouts to the next level with Gymshark.
Gym Headwear | Gym Beanies | Gym Caps | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | All Bags | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
womens
Matching Sets
Elevate your activewear game with our matching women's gym sets, created for performance whilst looking great too. Not only will our co-ordinated workout sets help simplify your wardrobe choices but you'll always be able to step out feeling put-together, whether you're putting in the work in the gym, heading to the yoga studio, or grabbing a coffee with friends.
Strong Pink
Burgundy Brown
Mineral | Black
medium support
Soft Brown/Chestnut Pink
Mineral | Coconut White
Coconut White
Build Pink
Cobalt Purple
You need your essentials to be able to do it all, which is why Vital is gonna tick all your boxes.
Bum Scrunch
Invisible bum scrunch lifts and pops your glutes
Buttery Soft
Our butteriest, softest material means you’ll never want to take these off.
Flattering Waistband
A cinching, snatching waistband that sits just right.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 598 products
Women's Gym & Workout Sets
Matching Workout Sets
There’s something about having a matching workout set on that just hits different. Maybe it’s the matchy vibes that help us feel put together, or the way the styles complement eachother. Explore our collection of women’s workout sets, or co-rd sets, are designed to help you focus on performing at your best. Created with breathable and sweat wicking materials to keep you feeling cool and dry, whilst features such as high waistbands offer comfort and support as you move.
Our collection of cute matching workout sets are designed to have you feeling your best, from design details such as ruched bums which help accentuate the peach, to sports bras with stylish strappy detailing. Across the range, you can find matching gym sets that are comfy enough to wear from your gym sesh to your post-workout coffee.
Make the most out of our matching shorts sets, which allow you to show off your leg gains as you train, to matching leggings sets which can offer a sculpting fit. You could even mix and match across the range, selecting the bits you love best and styling them together.
Shop everything from affordable matching workout sets, which are perfect for beginners, to premium co-ord sets for those looking for a little more. We also have a huge selection of colours to choose from, so if it’s red gym set that get you feeling pumped up, a green set that energises you or the classic black sets that have you feeling your best, then you could find them here.
FIND THE ONE
Sports bras more trustworthy, supportive and reliable than your ex.
Whether you’re pounding the pavements or flowing through your Sun Salutations, you’ll need a bra that can keep up with you. That’s why we offer a range of light, medium and high-support styles to suit your activity of choice.
Designed to support minimal movement, our light-support sports bras are made for activities with little to no bounce, like yoga, rest day or light lifting.
Our medium-support sports bras keep you feeling comfortable and secure during workouts that involve moderate bounce, like combat or spin.
High impact activities like running or HIIT can require more assistance. Our high-support sports bras keep up with you during your intense training sessions.
From Vital’s sweat-wicking tech to Legacy’s old-school lifting logo, there’s a sports bra to suit whatever you’re up to. Plus, when they’re as cute and versatile as these, you may as well just add them all to the roster.
Stylish, supportive and famously flattering, our tank tops with built in bras will be your new workout bestie.
Stick to the bestsellers with lightweight, breathable designs, comfortable cups and supportive straps.
Adapt’s sports bras are here to help you look damn good while you put in the work.
Breathable fabric. Comfy cups. Supportive straps. It’s the O.G. for a reason.
From work to workout, Vital’s sweat-wicking tech and seamless design ticks all your boxes.
From Elevate’s cute twist detailing to Legacy’s gritty lifting logo, we’ve got a wide variety of design features to match whatever you’re into.
From straps to backs, our sports bras are designed with adjustable features to allow you to customise the fit to suit you.
Barbell Blue
Worn Blue
We all need the right amount of support and our boobs are no different. From rest day to running, we cover all the bases to make sure you’re feeling supported.
Did you know 80% of women are wearing the wrong size sports bra? Check out our tips and tricks to make sure you’ve found the right one for you.
Not sure what size you need? No problem. Head over to our handy size guide for all the information on finding your Gymshark sports bra size.
Modest Workout Clothes & Hijabs
Stay confidently covered with our women’s modest workout clothes. Designed for performance thanks to sweat-wicking and breathable fabrics, our modest gym clothes offer you the coverage you need to feel ready to step up to the bar with confidence. Featuring oversized fits, design accents and easy to layer styles, this collection will have you ready to smash your next PB.
Midnight Blue
Soul Brown
*final sale - non returnable*
Camo Brown
Bros Bold Teal Marl
Black Marl
Heritage Brown
Brushed Grey
Metal Grey/Asphalt Grey
Physical Pink
Motivate Teal
Black/Soft White
Peri Blue
Medium Grey
Asphalt Grey/Black
Gymshark X Leana Deeb
Viewing 1 - 60 of 253 products
Modest Workout Clothes & Sports Hijabs
Focus on nothing but performance with our range of modest workout clothes. Designed to offer you the level of coverage you need to be able to jump, squat and stride through your workout with confidence.
Modest clothing isn’t a one size fits all, we know the level of coverage that makes you feel ready to slay your workout is personal, that’s why this collection features a range of easy to layer pieces so you can wear them your way. From long sleeves and high necks that sit perfectly under your clothes, to oversized fits and longer lengths that offer you coverage where you need it most.
Working out in non-workout fabrics in favour of modesty is a thing of the past, as our collection of modest workout clothes are designed for performance. Whether that’s sweat-wicking fabrics for an intense HIIT sesh, stretchy fabrics that move with you from Balasana to Virabhadrasana, or stylish lifting ‘fits that make you feel like a boss. Carefully crafted designs and style accents mean you don’t need to sacrifice expressing your style with our modest gym clothes.
Our sports hijab is designed to offer you a workout free from distraction. The adjustable elastic toggle offers you the perfect fit around your face, while the non-slip double rib stays fixed in place through every move. This sports hijab boasts features such as a curved hem that offers extra coverage by sitting just over the shoulders, so you can crush your workout knowing our sports hijabs have your back.
All Products
Stock up on your workout faves or test a fresh 'fit. Shop all women's Gymshark products here.
Reset Pink
Deep Petrol Blue/Smoke Blue
Sour Pink/Marl
Strong Grey Marl
Viewing 1 - 60 of 1836 products
Women's Workout Clothing
Don't know where to start? Explore all women's Gymshark clothing using the filters above. Discover all our women's clothing - from sleek leggings to supportive sports bras , lightweight running jackets and cozy hoodies , there's something for everyone. Experience incredible support and a fit like no other from our range of women's workout wear, designed to help you achieve your best in and out of the gym.
Adapt Fleck x Whitney Seamless Leggings
SKU: B2A1B-PCGN
100% who purchased would recommend this
4
These leggings feel like a dream. Wish, they came in a tall size. I thought they would be too small but it fit perfectly. I love that its also not a high waist band since I ha... See more
Submit a fake
You may have heard that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. And whilst that's a nice way to put it - we've got no time for fakes! So let's keep it real. Here, you can report any fake websites and advertisements you come across, as well as finding all the information you need on what's real and what's not. Stay safe out there, folks!
Report a fake
Came across a fake website or advertisement? Report it to our Brand Protection team!
FAQs
As you have purchased through a fake website, you may have been a victim of fraud, therefore, we advise that you contact your bank/payment method as soon as possible and they can arrange a refund for the counterfeit items you've bought. Please report the website through the link above. We can then work to get this removed as soon as possible!
Unfortunately, as these sites are in no way connected to Gymshark we're unable to process a refund for you. We would advise you contact your bank/payment method for more information on acquiring a refund.
Please raise any concerns you have regarding your bank details with your bank directly. We would advise you follow their recommendations for keeping your account safe and secure. Please also be wary of any phishing email scams that you may potentially be susceptible to.
If we have a sale, we'll shout about it across our social media channels but only through our verified accounts! Make sure you check that the account advertising a sale is our official, verified account before placing any orders.
We will only ever contact you through one of our verified accounts. If it hasn't got the blue tick - it's not us. If you're ever unsure who's contacted you, please reach out to our customer support team and we'll find out for you. You can also report any fake advertisements on social media by clicking on the 3 dots at top right of the sponsored ad to report it to the social media platform directly. The more reports they receive, the better!
We do not sell our items through any third parties -only through the official gymshark.com website. Always make sure to check the URL before ordering!
We regularly feature posts across our social media channels and blog page with any relevant information to help protect our community. We also have a dedicated team working to get all fake advertisements and fraudulent websites removed as quickly as possible.
Fake websites? Risky business
Buying from a fake website is a high risk, no reward kinda thing. You can expect the items on there to be poor quality and different to what you ordered, with long shipping waits and no return or refund options either - that is, if you even receive those items in the first place. And these aren't even the worst things that can happen when you purchase from a fake website.
Your personal data may fall into unsafe hands, where it can be misused or even sold on the dark web. Alongside this, counterfeit items can be linked to organised crime - they can be produced by the trafficking and exploitation of people, through migrant smuggling and modern slavery, and linked to corruption and money laundering.
And another pointer - counterfeiters will not take into account the environmental issues of their production. Possible use of toxic dyes, chemicals disposed of unlawfully and unregulated air pollution are just a few examples of how counterfeiting can contribute to environmental pollution. This, of course, is everything we stand against at Gymshark, where sustainability efforts are at the heart of what we do, and we strive to be better every day.
So remember - avoid the fakes, and keep it real. Just by doing that, you're doing your bit.
Check out our post on Gymshark Central for more tips on how to spot a fake
T Shirts & Tops
Get ready for the ultimate style and performance combo with our women's gym t-shirts. These wardrobe essentials are all about keeping you comfy and feeling your personal best. Whether you're sweating your way through a HIIT workout, getting your reps in or enjoying rest day with friends, our workout shirts and tops offer high-performance materials, versatile shapes and fashionable designs.
LONG SLEEVE TOPS
Long-sleeve layers built for repping and resting.
CROP TOPS
Crops that look good with all your Gymshark leggings, shorts and joggers.
OVERSIZED TOPS
TANK TOPS
Wear them anywhere & show off your arms & shoulders in the process.
GRAPHIC TEES
They’re comfortable, they’re durable, and they look sick.
T-Shirts & Tops
Espresso Marl
Celeste Blue/Marl
Celeste Blue Marl
Dark Green Marl
Black/Warm Lilac
Obsidian Green Marl
Energy Pink
Worn Blue/Peri Blue Marl
Heavy Blue/Marl
Sour Pink Marl
Functional Purple Marl
Functional Purple/Marl
Viewing 1 - 60 of 404 products
Women's Gym T-Shirts & Tops
Women's Workout Shirts
The best gym shirts are designed to keep you feeling comfortable, so that you can focus on your training and look great whilst doing so. Our range of workout shirts for women combine figure accentuating designs with functional fabrics to create gym shirts that will have you feeling confident and ready to take on any challenge, whether that’s stepping up to the bar for a new PB or going that extra mile on the track.
Our huge selection of products and collections on offer has a workout shirt for everyone.The Training gym tops the perfect basic essentials, ideal for beginners. Then we have Vital, which harnesses that classic Gymshark style (we’re talking sculpting styles with sweat-wicking fabrics) whilst Sweat Seamless which takes this up a notch with advanced DYNMC™️ Fabric. For those who love to push themselves to the limit when working out, Limitless is the range for you, harnessing the power of performance focused fabrics and designs.
Legacy and Power help you push for those big lifts, and Adapt brings style to the forefront. For rest days, brunch days and everything in-between, we have Elevate which combines buttery soft fabrics with athleisure styles, perfect for a morning yoga class to brunch with friends. Plus, you can find collections such as Retro and Fraction that combine soft materials with bold prints, giving a look that’s stylish enough to wear for whatever the day has in store.
Show off the muscles you work so hard for and enjoy breathability with our workout tank tops and vests. Choose from loose tanks, to fitted tanks, and even tank tops with built in sports bras. Our women’s gym tanks provide the basis you need to get those heavy lifts.
Our long sleeve gym tops come in a range of styles, from cropped long sleeves which allow you to keep your abs on show whilst still keeping your arms covered, or full length long sleeve tops which keep that extra layer of warmth for whether you’re travelling to and from the gym, or working out in colder climates. Whether you opt for a matching set with your long sleeved gym top or you mix’n’match, you can be sure you’ll be rocking a gym fit that is just as stylish as it is functional.
Our oversized gym shirts are a wardrobe essential, combining the relaxed rest-day vibe, they are a trending staple at the moment. Oversized tees can be worn whilst you workout or can be rocked out and about from grabbing your daily coffee to chilling at home.
This really depends on the type of workout you are doing, and personal preference. Some of our workout tops don’t require a sports bra as they have support build in, however majority of the time we would recommend wearing a sports bra under your gym shirt. This is so your breasts have the support they need, keeping you comfortable no matter what the workout has in store for you.
All Socks
Put your best foot forward with our collection of athletic socks, designed to be worn for the gym, rest day and everywhere in-between. More than just an essential, our socks offer comfort like no other with a snug fit, cushioning, and soft blend fabrics, so you can work out distraction-free. Available in a range of colours and styles, treat your 'fit to gym socks that look as good as they feel.
White/Black/Light Grey Core Marl
Celeste Blue/Metal Purple/Soft White
Purple/Green/Turquoise/Pink
Pop Turquoise/Coral Red/Barbell Blue
Pop Turquoise/Fresh Lilac/Morning Blue/Refresh Yellow/White
White/Gentle Blue/Sour Pink
White/Heavy Blue/Trail Green
Refresh Yellow/Fresh Lilac/Sour Pink
Lifestyle Brown/Lift Pink/Rest Blue
Black/Brushed Purple
Blue/Purple/Teal/Pink/Orange
Oat White/Black
White/Black/Winning Pink/Classic Blue
White/Titanium Blue/Conditioning Red/Deep Fawn Brown
Fresh Lilac/Cobalt Purple
Active Purple/Sunset Pink/Refresh Yellow
Classic Green
Yellow/Pink/Tropical Turquoise/Turquoise/Purple
Viewing 1 - 60 of 65 products
Gym & Athletic Socks
Building legacies starts from the ground up, so get prepped with our range of men's and women's athletic socks, featuring ankle socks, trainer socks and crew gym socks. Boasting heel to toe cushioning and designed to fit snug to your foot; with soft stretch materials and a super soft fabric blend, our gym socks offer comfort like no other.
Our athletic socks rep the Gymshark logo, stylish designs and a range of colours that effortlessly level up your look to take you from your morning sesh to afternoon plans. But they’re more than just a look, crafted with unparalleled quality and durability, our atheletic socks are designed to be worn time and time again, keeping you feeling supported whether you’re hitting the treadmill or stepping up to the bar.
Explore our full range of gym socks, including multipacks and and different colourways, because every day is better with a fresh pair of socks.
All Accessories | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | No Show Socks | Trainer Socks | Women's Underwear | Men's Underwear | Headwear | Caps | Beanies | Hair Accessories | Weightlifting Accessories | Resistance Bands | Equipment | Bottles | Gym Bags | Gym Backpacks | Small Bags | Duffel Bags
Tall Leggings
Calling all tall girls! Say goodbye to tugging at your leggings or dealing with a waistband that sits too low. Our tall leggings are designed with longer legs in mind, providing the perfect fit without the cropped ankle look. With leggings that actually fit, you’ll feel fully supported, no matter how tough the workout gets. It's time for long leg struggles to be a thing of the past!
ALL LEGGINGS
Choose from all ranges of colours, styles, cuts and waistlines.
HIGH WAISTED LEGGINGS
You move, they stay put.
SHORT LEGGINGS
The best leggings in your actual size.
COMPRESSION LEGGINGS
Secure fit from waist to toe.
BUM SCRUNCH LEGGINGS
They give your glutes a little boost.
BLACK LEGGINGS
Everyone’s day ones for a reason.
tall
Woodland Green Marl
Coral Red Marl
Bondi Teal
Viewing 1 - 10 of 10 products
Women’s Tall Workout Leggings
Our tall workout leggings have been specifically designed with longer legs in mind, giving you the comfort you need, when you need it most. Push through even the toughest workouts, knowing you're fully supported.
Like our regular workout leggings , our tall workout leggings have been crafted with a range of features to enhance your workout. With stay-put waistbands, soft, buttery materials, and figure-flattering silhouettes, you can look and feel your best when you work out.
Our tall sports leggings have a 91cm inseam and are designed for women over 5"8.
Tall gym leggings are similar to regular gym leggings. They're made from similar materials and have the same purpose. The key difference lies in their length. Our regular workout leggings suit women below 5"8 height. We also have a range of petite workout leggings .
Tall sports leggings are easy to style. If you're hitting the studio or gym, pair with a sports bra or crop top . Layer with a hoodie . For those chilled days, choose your fave gym top or vest and layer a sweatshirt over your shoulders or pair with a longline jacket.
Quarter Socks
Designed for comfort through every jump, squat and step, our quarter socks will be your new go-to for gym days and rest days too. With soft fabrics and soft cushioning, you can rely on our quarter socks to keep you comfy and distraction-free, so you can put your best foot forward. Our quarter socks collection also includes trainer and ankle socks for a variety of short socks for any day.
Viewing 1 - 4 of 4 products
Our Quarter Socks help you to put your best foot forward. Designed for extra cushioning, comfort and support, Gymshark's Quarter Socks support your feet through every step and jump they take.
With a range of Quarter Socks for Men and Women - and in a variety of colours - you'll find the perfect Quarter Sock for your workout and style at Gymshark.
All Accessories | Gym Headwear | Gym Beanies | Gym Caps | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | All Bags | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
How can we help?
No problem! Start your return HERE
Popular Questions
Got a question? Check out our popular articles below to find the answer you're looking for.
Need More Help?
Please contact our support team here
Terms of Use
Clock Last updated: 08 Apr 2025
WEBSITE AND APP TERMS OF USE
UNLESS YOU OPT OUT, THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER THAT IMPACT YOUR RIGHTS ABOUT HOW TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OURSITES
What's in these terms?
These terms tell you the rules for using our website gymshark.com and our e-comm app (known as the Gymshark App on the App Store) (together being “our sites”).
Who we are and how to contact us
Our sites are operated by Gymshark USA Inc. (" We "). We are Gymshark USA Inc – a company incorporated and organised in Delaware whose principal place of business is at 38 Greene St, Fourth Floor, New York, New York 10013.
You can contact us at gymshark.com/contact or via the support section on our e-comm app.
By using our sites you accept these terms
By using our sites, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our sites.
There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our sites:
Our Privacy Notice , which sets out how we may use your personal data.
Our Cookie Policy , which sets out information about the cookies on our sites.
If you purchase goods from our sites, our Terms and Conditions of sale will apply to the sales.
We may make changes to these terms
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our sites, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
We may make changes to our sites
We may update and change our sites from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users' needs and our business priorities.
We may suspend or withdraw our sites
Our sites are made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our sites, or any content on them, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our sites for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that anyone who accesses our sites through your internet connection and/or devices are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
We may transfer this agreement to someone else
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.
Our sites are only for users in the US
Our sites are directed to people residing in the United States of America. We do not represent that content available on or through our sites is appropriate for use or available in other locations.
You must keep your account details safe
If you choose, or you are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any username or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your username or password, you must promptly notify us.
How you may use material on our sites
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our sites, and in the material published on them. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. Save as provided in this section, you are not permitted to use our trademarks and/or any other intellectual property rights without our approval.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our sites for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others to content posted on our sites.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our sites must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our sites for commercial purposes without obtaining a license to do so from us and our licensors.
If you print off, copy, download or use any part of our sites in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our sites will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Do not rely on information on our sites
The content on our sites is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our sites.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our sites, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our sites is accurate, complete or up to date.
We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our sites contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
User-generated content is not approved by us
Our sites may include information and materials posted and/or uploaded by other users of the sites (for example, comments on any content, articles and/or blogs on our sites). This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our sites do not represent our views or values.
How to complain about content uploaded by other users
If you wish to complain about content uploaded by other users, please contact us at gymshark.com/contact or via the support section on our e-comm app.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you, which will be set out in our Terms and Conditions of sale.
Please note that we only provide our sites for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our sites for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, loss of business opportunity or any indirect, consequential or special loss and/or damage.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.
How we may use your personal data
We will only use your personal data as set out in our Privacy Notice .
Uploading content to our sites
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our sites, or to make contact with other users of our sites, you must ensure that your contribution (a) is not defamatory or discriminatory of any person; (b) is not obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory; (c) does not bully, insult, intimidate or humiliate any person; (d) does not promote any illegal activity; (e) is not provided in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party (such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence); and (f) does not infringe any intellectual property rights of any other person.
You warrant that any such contribution complies with these standards, and you will be responsible to us for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our sites if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with these standards.
Any content you upload to our sites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary and you grant to us a worldwide, perpetual, royalty free, transferable licence to use, reproduce, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our sites constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not guarantee that our sites will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our sites. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our sites by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our sites, the server on which our sites are stored or any server, computer or database connected to our sites. You must not attack our sites via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our sites will cease immediately.
Class Action Waiver
READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY - IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.
You agree that you and Gymshark will resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies on an individual basis, and that claim(s), if any, brought under these Terms and Conditions in connection with any of the sites will be brought in an individual capacity, and not on behalf of, or as part of, any purported class, consolidated, or representative proceeding. You and Gymshark further agree that you shall not participate in any consolidated, class, or representative proceeding (existing or future) brought by any third party arising under these Terms and Conditions or in connection with the sites.
The terms of this provision will also apply to any claims asserted by you against any of Gymshark’s affiliates, to the extent that any such claims arise out of your access to, and/or use of any of the sites, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through any of the sites.
Which country's laws apply to any disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation are governed by English law. However, if you are habitually resident in a country other than England, the mandatory provisions applicable in that country which cannot be deviated from by contractual agreement remain unaffected. You and we both agree that the English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction, except that if you are habitually resident in a country other than England you can bring legal proceedings either in the competent courts of that country or in the English courts.
If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Support Hub
Articles in this category
Klarna
Klarna is a payments service we offer in some of our online stores. It allows you to order from our online stores different sizes and items, and only pay for what you love.
Klarna is available on the following Gymshark web stores:
UK, USA, Germany, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Australia & New Zealand
Try before you buy, and depending on which country you’re ordering from, choose to pay in 30 days or split the cost into 3 interest free instalments (one part-payment at purchase, and two further payments at 30 and 60 days.
Our US customers can spread the cost into 4 interest free instalments. Each instalment is charged every 2 weeks.
Missed payments can affect your ability to use Klarna.
If you return an item that you paid for using Klarna, we're unable to amend your Klarna invoice. Instead, you may wish to contact Klarna directly to see if they can pause any payments while your Gymshark return is being processed.
Klarna's Pay in 3 / Pay in 30 days are unregulated credit agreement. Borrowing more than you can afford or paying late may negatively impact your financial status and ability to obtain credit. 18+, Subject to status. Late payment fees apply. T's & C's apply.
Pay in 3 instalments, complete terms. Pay later, complete terms .
See US payment terms .
CA residents: Monthly financing through Klarna issued by WebBank, member FDIC. Other CA resident loans made or arranged pursuant to a California Financing Law license
Late payment fees may apply and if you fail to pay on time, Klarna may refer any debt to a debt collection agency to collect on Klarna’s behalf. For further information please visit Klarna .
Please contact our support team here.
Vital
Whatever conditioning means to you, Vital’s got something to help you feel, and perform, your best. Because you can do it all, and so can Vital.
Heavy Blue Marl
Electric Blue/Marl
Coral Red/Marl
Cobalt Purple Marl
Strong Grey/Marl
Velocity Red
Strong Grey/ Marl
Burgundy Pink Marl
Lagoon Green Marl
Go on, take a look…
YOUR MOST VERSATILE GYM FITS
Viewing 1 - 60 of 126 products
WOMEN'S VITAL COLLECTION
This might be the comfiest underwear you’ll ever own. Start your day right with our women's underwear sets, seamless underwear and basics, to feel supported for workout and rest days. Experience the perfect blend of soft fabrics with ultra-comfy designs in both our cotton and seamless underwear styles. Our underwear is the epitome of everyday comfort and made to help you hit that PB.
Carmine Red
Rest Blue
White/Green/Pink/Mauve/Grey/Black
Washed Berry Pink
Bros Frost White Marl
Winning Pink
underwear
Linen Brown
Viewing 1 - 37 of 37 products
Women's Gym & Workout Underwear
For a pre-workout ritual that shouldn’t be missed, step into unbeatable comfort with our range of workout underwear and basics. Crafted for support, you’ll find ultra-soft fabrics and minimal seams for underwear that’s designed to flex with you all day. Whether you're heading to the gym, running errands, or lounging at home – do it in comfort with our women's underwear.
We’ve taken all the things you love about your Gymshark workout clothes and put them into our workout underwear. We’re talking breathable fabrics, flattering designs and shape sculpting styles, our underwear will have you feeling so good, you might forget the rest of your ‘fit!
Our gym underwear is available in a range of fabrics, from our staple seamless material to our cotton underwear that offers the softness and support you’d expect in a true workout companion. Pair your workout thongs or briefs with the matching bralette, and throw one of our basics over the top for a look that’s as put together as your workout plan.
SKU: B2A1B-EC8X
Lift Green/Clay Green
Gymshark Careers
Our family is growing across the world, and we’re looking for people who want to join us for the ride – our growth will be your growth.
GYMSHARK REGENT STREET
We are delighted to announce our first ever permanent IRL location!
Gymshark’s flagship store opened autumn ’22 on one of the most iconic retail shopping streets in the world – Regent Street, London.
The flagship store, Gymshark London, supports our mission to unite the conditioning community with a space that offers retail, events, community hangouts, as well as workout studios and more!
To keep up to date with latest retail recruitment opportunities, and learn more about the Gymshark Retail vision, please visit the Retail Hub click here.
The Application Process
We’re thrilled you want to join the Gymshark family. If you think you’ve got what it takes and a role excites you, go for it!
The application itself is made up of mostly yes/no questions. We’ll get you to attach your CV and answer the all-important question... WHY GYMSHARK?
So, what happens next? Your application will be reviewed by our Talent team and the hiring manager. Keep an eye on your emails, as you’ll hear back from us shortly.
We want to get to know you more... and we’re sure you’ll have some questions for us too.
Our recruitment process can take a variety of forms. Generally, here’s how it tends to go:
Automated Video Interview
‘About You’ Call – Informal Chat
1st Interview - Learn more about the way you work and what makes you tick
2nd Interview - A deeper dive into all things you (and we might throw in a little task)
Bring your A-game because we’ll certainly have ours. And hopefully this can be the start of a great new adventure.
Vacancies
Sorry there are no jobs available matching this criteria.
Our People
Our mission is to Be a Place Where Everyone Belongs.
We’re committed to building an inclusive culture, one which has an equitable playing field and where everyone can be their true authentic self.
Our values are invaluable. We lose them, we lose everything.
Being accessible, inclusive & humble is at Gymshark’s heart.
That means being concious of the world we live in, caring for those around us and being proactive to create positive change.
Count on us to be honest, trustworthy & genuine.
Refuse to forget the garage mentality that made us: ambitious, agile, disruptive.
Unconditionally.
Benefits
1 / 5
We should all spend time in ways that work best for us and our teams. That means clocking-in-and-out for some; it means getting shit done in our own time for others. Finding something that fits everybody is our #1
2 / 5
Our badge is pretty cool. And it means something different to everyone. But, while we love seeing it round our HQs, don't think you need to wear it head-to-toe. Although at 50% off, why wouldn’t you?! It’s like Black Friday but all year round...
You give, and you get back – on top of the discount, you’ll receive a Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service
3 / 5
We put family first, unconditionally
If it matters to you, it matters to us, so we have 5 pillars of wellbeing: mental, physical, nutritional, financial & social
Mental health is not just a buzz word but inbuilt in our culture. For support, a chinwag, and that all-important signposting, we are proud of our army of Mental Health First Aiders and Wellbeing Leads
4 / 5
Access and funding to for tools that help everyone become their personal best – whatever ‘best’ looks like to you
Whether you’re working from HQ or from home, working at a desk or on a kitchen counter top – safety is always our top priority and we’ll support you financially to enable that
10% time for personal development
5 / 5
25 days holidays + your birthday off (because who wants to be blowing out candles over Zoom anyway?!)
We’re a team of real-life humans, each with our own unique set of thoughts, beliefs, cultures, and identities. So, we give you all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. Don’t celebrate Easter? Bank those days and use them for an extended vacay instead
faq's
If you don’t know, ask – we don’t bite. Check out our FAQ's looking for. Unfortunately, we don't have the meaning of life (we're not that far ahead just yet) ...
We see placement students as an exciting way to constantly attract and recruit awesome talent. Please keep your eye out for any opportunities that appear on the careers site! Alternatively, be the first to know of upcoming internship opportunities by registering with us now!
Seriously, no! And then no again! Belonging here has no membership fee, no status requirement and needs no permission. Admission is paid by reaching your goals, no matter what they are – all you have to do is show up (not a bad requirement for a job, right?!)
Gymshark Supports
We’ll be showcasing some virtual workshops created for you to support you through our recruitment process and to help you establish and define your own goals and career path. Ever wondered how to make a great first impression or visualised your future? The sessions will include thought-provoking panel talks, motivating podcasts and engaging sessions hosted with a live audience. Check back over the coming weeks to discover more.
Lifting
Lifting is part of our DNA. Whether it’s Olympic lifting, powerlifting, or weekly strength workouts, our lifting clothes will have you feeling confident through every move - and when you feel better, you perform better (it’s science). Cop the best weightlifting clothes with comfy, stretchy fabrics that support full range of motion, while breathable, sweat-wicking materials keep you cool and dry.
Gym Shirts
Men's Workout Shorts
Gym Jackets
Metal Grey
Black/Conditioning Red
White/Artificial Teal
Iron Blue
Black/Pebble Grey
Lagoon Green
Wave Blue
Ecru Brown
Viewing 1 - 60 of 68 products
Men’s Weightlifting Clothes
We get it - chasing those big lifts is no easy feat. But your lifting clothes shouldn’t be the thing holding you back. Our collection is crafted with the perfect balance of functionality and style, helping you perform at your best, and look cool AF while doing it.
Breathable, comfy, distraction-free fabrics keep you focused, while ventilation zones let heat out, so you stay cool and collected under pressure. Smashing a functional strength session? No sweat. The performance fabrics on our weightlifting clothes stretch where you need them and wick away moisture as the intensity ramps up, while durable fabrics go rep after rep, time and time again.
Whether you’re going for the classic bodybuilding look with stringers , shorts and grungy aesthetics, or the modern lifters look with compression fit shirts and baggy sweats, our range of lifting clothes boast styles you’d be proud to rep. Dropped shoulders and tapered seams highlight your hard-earned physique, while distressed finishes and bold gym graphics say it loud: you lift, and you mean it.
Compression Fit T-Shirts
Gymshark Compression Fit Shirts are all about that second skin feel, sitting ultra-tight so you can work out comfortably and distraction-free. Our compression shirts aren’t medical grade and offer no medical benefits, but make the perfect base layer for your workouts, whether that’s winter runs or Sunday stretches.
All Mens Tops
Tank Tops
Long Sleeve Tops
Oversized fit T-shirts
Graphic Tops
Black T-Shirts
Our black staples are an essential for both on and off-duty days.
Carmine Red/Black
Zest Green/Black
Viewing 1 - 21 of 21 products
Compression Fit Shirts
Gymshark Compression shirts are ultra-tight workout tops that sit like a second skin, designed to highlight your physique and bring out your confidence. Whilst they don’t provide any medical benefits, their fabrics and features are created to offer you support and comfort when you need it most.
The skin-tight fit on our compression t-shirts makes them perfect for wearing alone, so you can show off the physique you work for. While our long sleeve compression shirts make the perfect base layer to sit under your workout shirt, keeping you warm on those chilly winter runs or outdoor bootcamp sessions.
From Seamless technology to sweat-wicking materials, our compression fit shirts are designed to keep you comfortable and distraction-free, so you don’t have loose material or irritating seams getting in the way of your workout. You’ll also find that many of our compression shirts are created with fabrics that stretch and flex with you, so you can move with peace of mind, whether you’re making your way through a set of pull-ups or working on your mobility.
Shorts
Our men's gym shorts seamlessly blend performance and style. Crafted to support you through intense workouts and still look effortlessly stylish, our shorts will be go-to choice from high-intensity training sessions to laid-back weekends. Explore workout shorts that offer the perfect blend of durability, comfort and style.
RUNNING SHORTS
Lightweight, breathable & distraction-free designs for your breeziest run yet.
Cement Brown/Pebble Grey
Rest Blue/Cool Blue
Black/White
Zest Green
Denim Grey/Iron Blue
Viewing 1 - 60 of 216 products
Men's Gym Shorts
Men’s Workout Shorts & Athletic Shorts
A summertime staple and winter workout essential - a pair of men’s athletic shorts are at the core of any man’s gym 'fit. We have a versatile range of men’s workout shorts that can be worn both in and out of the gym, on days you want to work out and on those well-deserved rest days . You can trust that our men’s gym shorts offer the comfort, breathability, and style you've come to know and love with Gymshark's workout wear.
In a range of sizes, weights and materials, our collection of men's workout shorts and men’s sport shorts offers a variety of styles that you can tailor to your training. From 3 inch shorts to 7 inch shorts, jogger shorts to running shorts, 2 in 1 shorts to base layer shorts, slim fit shorts to short shorts and everything in between.
Pair your sports shorts with your favourite gym top or tank . Layer with a hoodie or a sweatshirt for a complete ‘fit. On cooler days or chill out days, swap out your gym shorts for a pair of sweatpants .
It’s important to wear gym shorts or sport shorts for workouts and exercise. Regular shorts should not be worn. They won’t be made from the right materials and won’t be the right fit. Gym shorts have been designed specifically for the gym and working out. Workout shorts are made from breathable, lightweight, sweat-wicking materials and are crafted to fit your physique to help enhance your workout.
2 in 1 shorts are a great option for those who are active in and out of the gym. They look stylish and have performance benefits, such as sweat-wicking tech and durable materials.
Gym shorts and sports shorts come in a range of different lengths. The length you choose will depend on the type of activity you’re doing and personal preference. We have a range of lengths available including 3 inch, 5 Inch and 7 inch.
The fit of your gym shorts and sports shorts is really important. Gym shorts should have a second skin feel that doesn’t distract you from your workout. Sport shorts can have a slightly looser fit, but again can’t be too baggy so they interfere with your activities. Shorts for rest days can be more slack for optimal comfort.
Level up your running game with our women's running and track shorts. Crafted with lightweight materials and quick-drying fabrics,they provide the perfect blend of comfort and performance. With anti-chafing designs and versatile styles, these running shorts are your go-to for intense runs and casual jogs. Choose flattering styles that support your stride and keep you stylish mile after mile.
Running Jackets
Running Leggings
All Running
Energy Gelato Green
Cucumber Green
Strong Teal
Plum Pink
Heavy Blue/ Marl
Viewing 1 - 25 of 25 products
Women's Running Shorts
Our collection of women's running shorts has something for every runner, whether you’re working your way up to a 5k or training for an ultra-marathon. Our women’s running shorts have been designed with comfort, functionality and style in mind. With features and materials that will help you push for that new PB.
Shop women's running shorts for women in a range of lengths, colours and styles. Find running wardrobe staples such as grey or black running shorts, or express your personality with a pop of colour or print.
Lightweight materials offer a barely-there feel, limiting distractions and helping you move freely with every stride, whilst sweat-wicking materials help to draw sweat away from your skin, keeping you feeling cool and dry. We know how important it is to have breathable running shorts with adequate ventilation, as this can be the difference between you crushing your run or not enjoying it at all. Our running and track shorts are designed to be breathable, even when you are struggling for breath.
On many of our women’s running shorts you can find drawcord waistbands that ensure your shorts stay put. Another benefit of the adjustable drawcord is that you can change the fit, if you’re feeling bloated you can loosen slightly and you won’t have the waistband digging in, keeping you that little bit more comfortable.
Look out for design features that really take things up a notch. You will find details such as as reflective branding which can make you more visible when running at night, or pockets that allow you to store your essential items, such as earphones, keys and phone.
Seamless Leggings
Ladies, we listened. You said front seams are uncomfortable and distracting, and we have the solution. Enter - our seamless leggings. Designed without front seams and with minimal seams overall, our seamless leggings deliver unmatched comfort and style for your gym sesh and post-workout plans. With sculpting fits and breathable fabrics, we do it best when it comes to seamless.
Black/Black Marl
Midnight Blue/Black Marl
Penny Brown/Washed Mauve
Sour Pink/Vibrant Pink
Winning Pink/White Marl
Victory Green/Black Marl
Depth Purple/Black Marl
Lift Green/Lift Green Marl
Charcoal Marl
Magenta Purple/Dolly Pink
Coal Marl
Darkest Teal/Functional Teal
Force Blue/Pastel Blue
Black/Asphalt Grey
Comfy. A stay-put waistband. Oh, and some of them have got pockets too.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 123 products
Our Seamless Leggings are a favourite for gym-goers and athleisure lovers alike, with a second skin feel, comfy fabrics and designs that accentuate your physique – they’ll be the most versatile piece in your workout wardrobe.
Experience comfort like no other, whether you’re powering through your workout or on a girl’s day out with our range of seamless collections designed to have you covered for whatever the day has in store. Contouring fits hug you in all the right places, while seamless mesh structures stretch in every direction as you move through your workout.
Carefully crafted with less seams to prevent irritation (yes that means no front seams - IYKYK), our seamless leggings allow you to focus on performance without distraction. Breathable and sweat-wicking fabrics keep you cool and dry even when the intensity increases, while ribbed waistbands stay fixed in place as you jump, stride and spin your way through your session.
With a pair of seamless leggings for every occasion, choose between a range of colours and styles to find the perfect pair for your style.
Adapt Fleck x Whitney Seamless Shorts
SKU: B6A1J-PCGN
Conditioning Club Track Jacket
GRAPHIC IMAGES
Versatile fits & graphics to match your training. Step up your staples with our graphic styles.
• High neck to keep out the cold • Elasticated hem to shape the jacket and adjusters so you can get the perfect fit • Pockets so you can store your stuff • Conditioning Club graphic to the front and back
SIZE & FIT • Regular fit • Regular length • Model is 6'1" and wears a size M
MATERIALS & CARE • 85% Nylon, 15% Elastane
SKU: A2C1D-BB2J
Based on 3 reviews
AVERAGE RATINGS See more
Ivo
5
Love the fit on my body! Also the materials are super excelent quality
1-1 of 3 reviews
Kettlebell Core Workouts To Build A Stronger, More Stable Core
07.10.25
Last Edited 07.10.25
When it comes to core training , there’s more to it than endless crunches or holding a plank until your abs burn and your arms start trembling.…
Sure, traditional core moves have their place, but here’s a question: how often do you grab a kettlebell for your core sessions? If the answer is rarely (or never), you could be missing out on one of the most effective tools for building real, functional strength.
In fact, research has shown that in just eight weeks, kettlebell training increased core strength by 70%, while also improving balance and cardiovascular endurance [1]. While you can build a strong core with just your bodyweight, adding a kettlebell helps to activate more muscles, increase time under tension (how long your muscles are working), and build full-body control. That’s a serious return for a simple shift in your routine.
But it’s not just about stats. Kettlebell core training helps support posture, improves balance, enhances athletic performance, and helps prevent injury, whether you’re deadlifting in the gym, running a 5K, or just hauling your shopping bags up the stairs.
Their unique off-center load forces your stabilizer muscles to work overtime, secretly training your abs, obliques, and lower back, and making every exercise a core movement (even if it doesn’t look like one).
In this article, we’ll break down the best kettlebell core exercises to add to your routine, where to slot them into your training week, and how to really fire up your core for better muscle engagement and performance across the board.
Let’s get into it.
10 Best Kettlebell Core Exercises
Ready to level up your core workouts? The following kettlebell core exercises are designed to build strength, stability, and ab definition for a strong, functional core that does more than just look good. A strong core supports how you move outside the gym too - whether that’s running, lifting heavy objects (boxes or dumbbells ), twisting to reach for something, or getting up and out of a deep-set sofa (IYKYK). Better balance, posture, and control in these everyday moments make all the difference.
How it works your core:
The Kettlebell Around the World challenges core stability by creating a constant ly shifting load around your centre of mass. As the kettlebell moves, your core muscles must contract to prevent unwanted rotation or leaning. This builds anti-rotational strength and teaches your body to brace in response to dynamic movement.
How to do a kettlebell around the world:
Stand with feet hip-to-shoulder-width apart, knees slightly bent, and core engaged.
Hold a kettlebell in front of you, at hip height, with both hands gripping the handle of the bell.
Release one hand and begin passing the kettlebell around your waist, switching hands behind your back and again as you bring it in front.
Keep your arms extended slightly away from your body and elbows soft.
Keep your torso stable, brace your core, and resist any twisting.
Once you complete reps in one direction, reverse and repeat.
Muscles worked: Obliques, transverse abdominis, shoulders
Kettlebell Russian Twists directly target the obliques and deep abdominal muscles through rotational movement. As you twist from side to side, your obliques and transverse abdominis contract to control the movement and protect your spine, while the rectus abdominis helps maintain balance and posture.
How to do kettlebell russian twists:
Sit on the floor with your knees bent at around a 90-degree angle, feet hip-width apart, and heels on the floor.
Hold the kettlebell by the horns (sides of the handle) with both hands and lean back until your torso forms a ~45-degree angle.
Keep your chest lifted and shoulders relaxed away from your ears.
Engage your core and rotate your torso to one side, tapping the kettlebell just outside your hip.
Return to the center and rotate to the opposite side.
Continue alternating sides for the desired number of reps/duration.
Muscles worked: Obliques, transverse abdominis, rectus abdominis, hip flexors
Progression: Lift your feet a few inches off the ground, keeping your knees bent at a 90-degree angle, maintaining a slight backward lean. To make it even more challenging, you can hold the kettlebell further from your body to increase the demand on your core to control the twist.
The kettlebell side bend isolates the obliques and deep back muscles by challenging the muscles to a controlled lateral flexion under load. The core muscles on the opposite side of the kettlebell must eccentrically contract as you lower and concentrically contract as you return upright. This improves your spine’s ability to resist side-bending forces (carrying heavy objects on one side or twisting to reach for something), enhancing functional strength and preventing injury.
How to do a kettlebell side bend:
Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and a kettlebell in one hand at your side, arm fully extended.
Place your opposite hand on your hip or behind your head for balance.
Inhale, then exhale as you slowly bend sideways toward the kettlebell without rotating your torso or shoulders.
Pause when you feel a stretch in your opposite side, then engage your obliques to return to standing tall.
Avoid leaning forward or back.
Repeat all reps on one side before switching.
Muscles worked: Obliques, quadratus lumborum, erector spinae
This movement trains the deep core muscles to stabilize the spine while the limbs move independently. Holding the kettlebell overhead adds extra demand on the shoulders and lats , increasing the need for controlled breathing and abdominal bracing to keep the lower back pressed into the floor. The result? Deep core stability and improved coordination.
How to do a kettlebell dead bug:
Lie on your back with arms extended above your shoulders, holding a light kettlebell with your right hand by the horn.
Bring your knees up so your hips and knees are both bent at 90 degrees (tabletop position).
Engage your core and press your lower back into the floor.
Slowly extend your right leg forward and left arm overhead simultaneously, keeping the kettlebell steady in your right hand.
Bring your arms and legs back to the start position, repeat for the desired number of reps before swapping sides.
Muscles worked: Transverse abdominis, rectus abdominis, hip flexors
A kettlebell sit-up increases the difficulty and effectiveness of a regular sit-up by adding weight, which the rectus abdominis (the "six-pack" muscle) must work against to flex the spine and lift the torso. When the kettlebell is held overhead, the shoulders and deep core stabilizers work harder to control the weight through the range of motion, improving strength and balance.
How to do a kettlebell sit-up:
Lie flat on your back with knees bent, feet flat on the floor, and hip-width apart.
Hold a kettlebell at your chest with both hands (or straight overhead for added difficulty).
Engage your core and exhale as you slowly curl your torso up, aiming to bring your chest toward your thighs.
Keep your feet grounded and avoid pulling with your arms.
Pause briefly at the top, then slowly lower back down with control.
Focus on using your abdominals throughout the movement, not momentum.
Repeat for the desired number of reps.
Muscles worked: Rectus abdominis, hip flexors, shoulders (if overhead)
Tip: Avoid using momentum to sit up and lift your torso up using your core strength.
The act of reaching under your body to drag the kettlebell while maintaining a plank position creates anti-rotational demand on the core. The transverse abdominis, obliques, and rectus abdominis engage to keep the hips level and the spine neutral. This improves your ability to resist twisting, which is key for real-world strength and injury prevention.
How to do it:
Start in a high plank position with your hands stacked under your shoulders, feet wider than hip-width for stability.
Place the kettlebell just outside your left hand.
Keeping your hips square and core tight, reach your right hand underneath your chest and drag the kettlebell across to the right side.
Place your right hand back to the floor and repeat with the left hand.
Minimize hip rotation by keeping your glutes and core engaged.
Alternate sides for the desired number of reps, e.g, 20 reps = 10 each hand.
Muscles worked: Transverse abdominis, shoulders, glutes
Holding a kettlebell on one side while marching challenges your core to stabilize against lateral flexion. Each step you take requires the obliques, transverse abdominis, and erector spinae to activate in order to maintain upright posture and keep the pelvis level, especially during the single-leg phase of the exercise. This kettlebell core exercise improves unilateral core strength, posture, and stability.
How to do the kettlebell farmer’s march:
Hold a kettlebell in your right hand at your side, arm fully extended.
Stand tall with feet hip-width apart, shoulders back, and core engaged.
Begin marching in place, lifting one knee at a time to hip height.
Keep your torso upright and avoid leaning toward or away from the kettlebell.
Perform all reps, then switch hands and repeat on the other side.
Muscles worked: Obliques, hip flexors, glutes
The Kettlebell Turkish Sit-Up engages the obliques, rectus abdominis, and stabilizing muscles like the transverse abdominis as you move from lying to seated with a kettlebell held overhead. Your core has to brace to control rotation and maintain balance through each phase, especially keeping your arm extended with the kettlebell. This also engages the shoulder girdle (including the rotator cuff muscles) and the lats too, improving coordination, shoulder stability, and core control through a range of motion.
How to do a kettlebell turkish sit-up:
Lie on your back holding a kettlebell straight above your chest in your right hand.
Bend your right knee with your foot flat on the floor. Keep your left leg straight and left arm extended at a 45-degree angle on the floor.
Press the kettlebell upward and keep your eyes on it throughout the movement.
Drive through your right foot and engage your core to roll up onto your left elbow.
Press through your left palm to lift your torso until you are upright with your arm still vertical.
Reverse the movement with control to return to the floor.
Complete all reps on one side before switching.
Muscles worked: Obliques, rectus abdominis, shoulders, lats
Tip: Avoid letting the kettlebell drift as it’s overhead for shoulder safety.
Raising a kettlebell overhead shifts your centre of gravity and increases the need to brace your core. As you march, the core muscles contract to keep the ribs down and prevent the back from bending backwards, while the obliques assist with balance and posture. Each standing march challenges your core to resist swaying and overextension.
How to do a kettlebell overhead march:
Hold a kettlebell overhead with both hands (or one for added challenge), arms extended but not locked out.
Stand with your feet hip-width apart and brace your core by drawing your ribs down and tucking your pelvis slightly.
Begin marching in place, lifting your knees to hip height one at a time.
Avoid leaning back or flaring your ribs, maintaining a stacked posture throughout.
Move slowly and with control, pausing briefly at the top of each march.
Switch arms for the required number of reps/duration.
Muscles worked: Shoulders, rectus abdominis, obliques, hip flexors
The Kettlebell hollow hold targets the transverse abdominis and rectus abdominis through isometric contraction (constant tension). Holding a kettlebell forces the deep core to work harder to maintain a neutral spine. The extended reach amplifies the tension across the midline, shoulder stability, and full-body tension.
How to do kettlebell hollow holds with reach:
Lie on your back in a hollow hold position with legs and shoulders off the floor.
Hold a kettlebell at your chest or extend the kettlebell overhead in line with your shoulders without letting your ribs flare.
Lift your shoulders slightly off the ground, keeping your biceps by your ears.
Press your lower back into the floor and engage your glutes and thighs to keep your body tight.
Hold this position while breathing steadily, maintaining full-body tension.
Muscles worked: Transverse abdominis, rectus abdominis, hip flexors, shoulders
Offset load = more core activation. Unlike dumbbells or barbells, the kettlebell’s off-centre weight throws your balance off just enough to make your stabilizing muscles work overtime. So whether you swing, press, or carry, your core has to stay switched on to keep your body aligned- a complete midsection workout!
Unlike machines or isolation exercises, kettlebell ab movements are dynamic and often mimic real-life actions like picking things up, rotating, balancing, or moving under load. This makes your core stronger in ways that actually matter outside the gym. From better posture to injury prevention, kettlebell training builds a core that can carry you through life, not just the gym [2].
Whether you're brand new to training or have years under your belt, kettlebells meet you where you're at. You can start with lighter weights, simplified versions of movements, or use two hands for stability. Then, as you get stronger, progress with heavier bells, single-arm variations, slower tempo, or more complex sequences. One kettlebell, infinite progression.
You don’t need a fully stocked gym or an hour-long workout to feel your core fire up. Kettlebell exercises often work multiple muscle groups at once, which means you get more done in less time. And with just one kettlebell, you can train your core, build strength, and raise your heart rate—all from home, the gym floor, or wherever you’ve got space to move.
Community Spotlight | Hyped KB Core Exercises
Want to smoke your core without isolation? Try these kettlebell compound moves that are highly rated by our community to give your core a serious workout without making it the star of the show.
Compound kettlebell exercises (where multiple groups are activated at once) are an effective way to build a strong, functional core, especially if you’re short on time. The key difference? Isolation exercises like russian twists target a specific area (in this case, your core muscles) while compound exercises like double front squats challenge your entire body to work together, forcing the core to stabilize, resist movement, and transfer force between your upper and lower body.
Holding a kettlebell in each hand at the front rack position shifts the centre of gravity forward, forcing your core, especially the transverse abdominis and obliques, to fire up to keep your torso upright. As you squat, your core works hard to resist forward collapse and stabilize under the load. The deeper you squat, the more your trunk has to stay braced to control both movement and breath. Double Kettlebell Front Squats also engage the posterior chain, which supports core stability further.
Walking with one or two kettlebells in the racked position challenges anti-rotational and anti-lateral flexion strength. Your core muscles, particularly the obliques and deep stabilizers, engage to keep your spine aligned and prevent tipping to one side. Every step creates a subtle shift in weight, turning your core into a stability engine with every stride.
Tip: Keep elbows tucked and core tight, this is key for rack positioning.
Sample Kettlebell Core Workout Plan
Kettlebell workouts don’t just blast your core - they improve aerobic capacity by around 6% and spike heart rate to 85% of max in intervals, beating steady-state cardio for exercise efficiency [3]. Add this KB core workout into your workout split to feel the burn.
Circuit style:
40 seconds on/20 seconds rest
2–3 rounds
Rest 1 minute between rounds
The exercises:
Kettlebell Around the World
Kettlebell Sit-Up
Kettlebell Plank Pull-Through
Kettlebell Dead Bug
Kettlebell Overhead March
Want more intensity? Switch it up with EMOM (every minute on the minute) or AMRAP (as many rounds as possible) formats.
Add 1–2 kettlebell core exercises into your warm-up
Use 2–3 as a finisher after your main strength or cardio sessions
Dedicate a short 10–15 minute session to core training 2–3x per week
Kettlebell core training can be scaled to suit all fitness levels, and it’s surprisingly beginner-friendly, if you choose the right moves. It’s all about laying a strong foundation before going too hard with complex moves and heavy bells. Start with light-to-moderate kettlebell weights (think 4–8kg), and focus on stability, form, and breath control. Slower, controlled movements like the kettlebell side bend, farmer’s march, or dead bug allow you to build a mind-muscle connection with your core and understand how your body responds to the load.
Beginner tip: If you ever feel the kettlebell pulling you out of alignment (e.g., tipping sideways or arching your back), it’s time to reset. That instability means your core is being challenged, but at the expense of good form.
Once you’ve nailed the basics and can keep your core rock solid under load, it’s time to turn things up. You can do this by increasing kettlebell weight, trying single-arm variations, or progressing to more complex, multi-planar movements that challenge your coordination, balance, and core control.
Kettlebell core exercises like the Turkish sit-up, overhead marches, and racked carries are perfect for advancing your workout. You’ll need to keep your core engaged through longer time-under-tension and more dynamic movement patterns. You can also add volume (more reps or longer sets), speed up tempo, or reduce rest time to increase intensity.
Focus on mastering proper form before increasing difficulty.
Progress by adding weight, slowing the tempo, or introducing instability (e.g. single-arm or overhead variations).
Prioritize controlled breathing and bracing your core during every movement.
One pro tip we can give you to truly engage your core? Learn how to breathe properly.
Learning how to use your diaphragm to brace your abs (think: big breath in, then tighten like you're about to be punched) turns any kettlebell movement into a core exercise. Once you nail this, there’s no going back - it’s always core switched on time . The best part? Diaphragmatic breathing is a technique that can be used across training, for core stability and strength, translating to everything from barbell lifts to running.
Yes – and then some. Kettlebells are one of the most effective tools for core training because they challenge your core from all angles. Whether you’re pressing a kettlebell overhead, swinging it between your legs, or twisting through your torso, your core is constantly working to keep you stable. The off-centre load means your abs, obliques, and deep stabilizers have to stay switched on to control the weight, making even simple exercises a full-on core workout.
Start lighter than you think, especially if you're new to kettlebell core training. Around 6–10kg is a solid starting point for core moves. The goal here isn't to max out weight, it’s to stay controlled and avoid your form flying out the window. As you get stronger and more confident, level up the load.
Kettlebell core workouts will build abs if you’re consistent, train smart, and pair them with the right nutrition. Kettlebell core training can absolutely help reveal definition and sculpt your abs, but remember: visible abs are a combo of building strength and reducing body fat, and often it’s down to your genetics. It takes patience to build definition in your midsection, and a full-body approach (that starts in the kitchen), not just endless ab work.
There’s no single winner, but Turkish get-ups, plank pull-throughs, and overhead marches are all top-tier. They fire up your stabilizers, challenge your balance, and force your core to work in real-life, functional ways (pulling, standing up, reaching, and stepping.
2–3 times per week is the sweet spot for most people. Any more and your core doesn’t get a chance to recover; any less and you might struggle to see progress. The trick is consistency. Keep showing up, and your core will too.
Kettlebell core training isn’t just effective, it’s efficient, functional, and endlessly versatile. Whether you're aiming for visible abs, better balance, or just want to feel stronger in everyday life, training with kettlebells can help you get there faster. With just one kettlebell, you can unlock a whole range of movements that challenge your core in every direction, rotation, anti-rotation, flexion, extension, and stability.
Try adding 2–3 kettlebell core exercises into your current routine, or add in our circuit workout when you’re short on time.
Looking for more abs or kettlebell workouts?
Download our Training App below for a library of easy-to-follow and effective workouts.
References:
[1] Jay, K., Jakobsen, M. D., Sundstrup, E., Skotte, J. H., Jørgensen, M. B., Andersen, C. H., Zebis, M. K., & Andersen, L. L. (2011). Effects of kettlebell training on postural coordination and jump performance: A randomized controlled trial. Scandinavian Journal of Work, Environment & Health , 37(3), 196–203. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21107513/
[2] Meigh, N. J., Keogh, J. W. L., Schram, B., & Hing, W. A. (2019). Kettlebell Turkish get-up: Training tool for injury prevention and performance enhancement . International Journal of Sports Physical Therapy, 14(5), 891–902. https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC6719359
[3] Farrar, R. E., Mayhew, J. L., & Koch, A. J. (2010). Oxygen cost of kettlebell swings. Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research , 24(4), 1034–1036. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20300022/
Meet Lannay Dale-Tooze, our Junior Content Writer with an eye for the next big trend. As Gymshark Central's go-to for styling and trending fashion, she writes about the latest activewear must-haves, outfit inspiration, and the trends shaping how we move.
High Support
Experience unbeatable support with our high impact sports bras. These bras are engineered to withstand even the most rigorous workouts, providing you with the ultimate confidence as you push yourself to the max. Say goodbye to discomfort and hello to a new world of comfort with our high support sports bras. Available in a wide range of materials, colours and styles.
high support
Viewing 1 - 2 of 2 products
Women's High Support & High Impact Sports Bras
Explore our collection of high impact sports bras, designed to offer you the support you need to power through the most intense workouts with minimal distractions. Our high support sports bras are carefully crafted to keep your breasts in place through every jump, squat and burpee.
High support sports bra features
Our high impact sports bras feature a range of technologies to support your most intense workouts. Breathable and sweat-wicking materials allow you to really push yourself while remaining cool and dry and adjustable straps ensure you get just the right fit. Our sports bras also feature moulded cups to help your breasts stay put, and mesh panels are for better ventilation.
Dual cup sizing
Most of our high support sports bras also come with dual cup sizing. As many of us know, it isn’t uncommon for your bra size to fluctuate from weight gain or our cycles, so that’s why our dual cup sizing is perfect. Whether you’re in-between sizes or not totally sure on your size, you can still find a high impact sports bra that will have your back.
A High impact sports bras is a sports bra designed for high intensity workouts, such as HIIT training, functional workouts, and cardio, also known as high support sports bras, they are also ideal for larger busts as the extra level of support can help to keep your breasts secure.
Absolutely! You can wear a high impact sports bra all day as they combine functionality and style. You can feel comfortable wearing them all day, whether that’s to run errands or to meet up for a coffee with friends.
The difference between low impact and high impact sports bras is the support you receive. High impact sports bras are specifically designed for more strenuous and rigorous activity that require much more movement. For activities such as yoga, walking, and lighter lifting sessions,, you may find our low and medium support sports bras are more suitable as they offer a little more flex through each movement.
All Sports Bras | Medium Support Sports Bras | Low Support Sports Bras | Black Sports Bras | Grey Sports Bras | Blue Sports Bras | Green Sports Bras | Red Sports Bras | Pink Sports Bras | White Sports Bras | Longline Sports Bras | Padded Sports Bras | Running Sports Bras
Terms & Conditions
Clock Last updated: 08 Aug 2025
These are the terms and conditions on which we supply our products to you.
Please read these terms carefully before ordering with us. These terms tell you what you need to know about buying with us. We may revise these terms and conditions without notice by posting revised terms and conditions of sale on our website. The terms and conditions posted on the website or app at the time you place your order will govern that purchase.
1.1 Who we are . We are Gymshark USA Inc. – a company incorporated and organised in Delaware whose principal place of business is at 38 Greene St, Fourth Floor, New York, New York 10013..
1.2 How to contact us . You can contact us at gymshark.com/contact, by contacting us at the address above or via the support section on our e-comm app (known as the Gymshark App on the App Store) (the “app”).
1.3 How we may contact you . If we have to contact you, we will send an email to the email address you provided to us in your last order.
2.1 How you can place an order . Orders may be placed through our website or our app. Once you’ve added the product(s) you’d like to your basket, you’ll go through our checkout procedure where you’ll need to enter your contact details, delivery and billing information. Please check, double check and even triple check your order (e.g. the product(s), size(s) and delivery address) before clicking the “complete order” button or the “pay now” button if you are paying via Apple Pay.
2.2 Acceptance of your order . Your order is an offer from you to us to buy the product(s) in your basket. After you place an order, you will receive an email from us confirming we have received it. Our official acceptance of your order takes place in the United Kingdom when we email you to confirm we’ve dispatched your product(s). It’s at thispoint that a contract will come into existence between you and us. When we acknowledge your order, we’ll also confirm your order number. If you need to contact us about your order, you should quote this number.
2.3 Restrictions on placing orders . To order our products, you must be at least 18 years old and be authorized to use the payment method which you use to pay for the products you order. If you are under 18, you may place an order only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
3.1 If we cannot fulfil your order . In the unlikely event that we’re unable to fulfil your order (e.g. because the product is out of stock, we haven’t been able to verify the billing information you’ve provided, or you have requested delivery to a country that we do not currently ship to, or there has been an error in the pricing or description of the product), we’ll let you know by email and we won’t charge you for the product.
3.2 Unusual or suspicious activity . We provide our products for your personal use only. We may cancel an order if we notice something unusual or suspect that our products are being exploited for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose. If this happens to you and you think we’ve made a mistake, get in touch with our customer service team through our online form at gymshark.com/contact and/or via the support section on our app.
3.3 Suspending the supply of products . We may have to suspend the supply of a product to you to:
3.3.1 deal with technical problems or make minor technical changes;
3.3.2 update the product to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements; and/or
3.3.3 make changes to the product as notified by us to you.
4.1 What we provide . We provide fitness gear, including clothing and accessories.
4.2 Descriptions of our products . The pictures of our products (and packaging) on our website and on our app are for illustrative purposes only. We work to ensure that colours are displayed accurately but we can’t guarantee that a device’s display of the colours exactly reflects those of our products.
4.3 Gift cards . You can purchase a gift card (in the form of a digital code) from us in the same way as any of our other products, however:
4.3.1 you cannot purchase a gift card using another gift card as payment;
4.3.2 the total daily limit of gift card purchases, per person, is $2,000;
4.3.3 gift cards have no expiry date;
4.3.4 there is no charge to or reduction in the balance over time for inactive gift cards; and
4.3.5 gift cards may only be redeemed on the local online store from which they were purchased (for example, gift cards purchased from gymshark.com US store, or from our app with the US as the browsing country can only be redeemed on the gymshark.com US store or on our app using the US as the browsing country).
5.1 Delivery destination . For orders placed on our gymshark.com website, we ship to the United States.
5.2 The risk of loss for products purchased from us passes to you upon our delivery to the carrier. Title for products purchased from us transfers to you upon payment for the products
5.3 Delivery Costs . All the information about our delivery charges can be found here: https://support.gymshark.com/en-US/category/orders-and-delivery
5.4 When we will provide the products . When we deliver the products to you will depend on the delivery method you select during the order process. If you are buying products during promotional periods, it may take a little longer for our products to be delivered to you.
5.5 We are not responsible for delays outside our control . If delivery of the products to you is delayed by an event outside our control (e.g. because of postal/courier delays, logistics or bad weather), we’ll let you know as soon as possible. If there is a risk of substantial delay, you can contact us to cancel your order and we’ll refund you for any products you’ve paid for but not received.
5.6 If you are not available when the product is delivered . If no one is able to take delivery and the products cannot be posted through your letterbox, the courier will notify you of the delivery attempt and tell you how to rearrange delivery or collection of the products.
6.1 If what you have bought is faulty or differs substantially from how it is described on our website or our app you may have a legal right to get the product replaced or to be given a refund. In this case, the return will be free in the United States provided you return the product to us within 30 days (unless stated otherwise on our website or our app) from the date you receive it.
6.2 If you want to end the contract because of one of the reasons set out below , the contract will end immediately, we will refund you in full for any products which you have paid for but which have not been supplied to you. The reasons are:
6.2.1 we have told you about an upcoming change to the product or these terms which you do not agree to;
6.2.2 we have told you about an error in the price or description of the product you have ordered, and you do not wish to proceed;
6.2.3 we have told you that supply of the products may be significantly delayed because of events outside our control;
6.2.4 we have suspended supply of the products for technical reasons, or notify you we are going to suspend them for technical reasons, in each case for a period of more than four weeks; or
6.2.5 you have a legal right to end the contract because of something we have done wrong.
6.3 If you have changed your mind about the product . We offer a goodwill guarantee which gives you 30 days (unless stated otherwise on our website or our app) from the day you (or someone you nominate) receives the products to change your mind. If your products are split into several deliveries over different days, you have until 30 days (unless stated otherwise on our website or our app) after the day you (or someone you nominate) receives the last delivery to change your mind. In either case, you will need to pay the cost of the return. Please note that some products can’t be returned, such as:
6.3.1 swimwear, underwear, bottles and shakers due to health, safety and hygiene standards;
6.3.2 any products that have been sealed for health protection or hygiene purposes (e.g. socks) that have been unsealed after you receive them or are not in their original packaging or have had any tags or the hygiene slip removed;
6.3.3 goods that are custom-made or personalised items;
6.3.4 any product which has had the care label cut and/or removed;
6.3.5 any product which is missing any component part(s) when returned by you (unless this is because of something we have done);
6.3.6 any products which become mixed inseparably with other items after their delivery; and
6.3.7 any products marked final sale.
6.4 In all other cases (if we are not at fault and there is no right to change your mind) .Even if we are not at fault and you do not have a right to change your mind, you can still end the contract before the products are delivered and paid for – just contact us to let us know.
7.1 Tell us you want to end the contract . To end the contract with us, ask us any questions or in the unlikely event that you have any complaints about the product, please let us know by contacting our customer service team through our online form at gymshark.com/contact, through livechat, through the support section or via any of the other options on our website or our app. Please provide your name, delivery address, order number and email address so we can help you quickly and easily.
7.2 Returning products after ending the contract . If you end the contract for any reason after products have been sent to you or you have received them, you must return them to us. The process for returning products to us is set out in our Returns Policy. Visit our Returns Portal at gymshark.com/returns or on our app , enter the required information (including details of the product(s) you are returning and the reason(s) for the return) and follow the relevant instructions including (if specified) printing a returns label. Following this, you should leave the package containing the product(s) you are returning (with the returns label securely attached) at one of the collection points that we identify to you. Unless stated otherwise on our website or our app, please make sure that the products are returned to us within 30 days after you receive it. We reserve the right to refuse returns/exchanges made with or without receipts for any reason.
7.3 How and when we will refund you . We will refund you the price you paid for the products (including delivery costs where applicable) by the method you used for payment. For purchases made by part-card and part-gift card, the refund will be applied to the gift card first. If you used a discount code to buy the product, the amount refunded will be reduced to take into account the benefit of any discount which you received when buying the product. We will make any refunds due to you as soon as possible. If you are exercising your right to change your mind, your refund will be made within 14 days from the day we receive the unused product back from you.
8.1 We may end the contract if you break it . We may end the contract for a product at any time by writing to you if:
8.1.1 you do not, within a reasonable time of us asking for it, provide us with information that is necessary for us to provide the products, for example, the address for delivery; or
8.1.2 you do not, within a reasonable time, allow us to deliver the products to you.
8.2 Refunds . If we end the contract in the situations set out in clause 8.1, we will refund any money you have paid to us for products we have not provided.
9.1 Where to find the price for the product . The price of the product before checkout are exclusive of any applicable Sales Tax. The amount of Sales Tax chargeable will be confirmed at checkout based on your delivery address. We take care to ensure that the price of the product advised to you is correct. However, please see clause 9.4 for what happens if we discover an error in the price of the product you order. We offer alternative payment options with Klarna and Afterpay US, Inc. If you would like to know more about these options, visit https://www.klarna.com/us/what-is-klarna/ here for Klarna and https://www.afterpay.com/en-US/how-it-works for Afterpay US, Inc. Please note that additional terms and conditions will apply if you choose either of these options.
9.2 We may change the price of our products . Sometimes we need to make changes to the price of some of our products. When this happens, we’ll update the prices on our website and our app. If you placed your order for a product before the price change, the price will be as stated on our website or our app (as applicable) at the time when you placed your order.
9.3 What happens if we get the price wrong . It is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products we sell may be incorrectly priced. We will normally check prices before accepting your order so that, if the product’s correct price at your order date is less than our stated price at your order date, we will charge the lower amount. If we accept and process your order where a pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could reasonably have been recognised by you as a mispricing, we may end the contract, refund you any sums you have paid and require the return of any products provided to you.
9.4 When you must pay and how you must pay . We accept payment by Visa, Mastercard, American Express, PayPal and Apple Pay. We will not charge you until we dispatch the products to you, although the price payable by you for the products may appear as pending transactions against the payment method you use.
We also offer the option for you to purchase using Afterpay US, Inc in the form of ‘pay in instalments’. Afterpay allows you to pay in four interest free instalments of equal value, every 2 weeks. No interest is applied provided that all instalments are paid on time.
The availability of this option to you is subject to approval by Afterpay. Further information and the terms which apply to these options can be found at https://support.gymshark.com/en-US/article/afterpay.
We also offer the option for you to purchase using Klarna Bank (AB) (publ). The availability of these options to you is subject to approval by Klarna. Further information and the terms which apply to these options can be found at https://support.gymshark.com/en-US/article/klarna.
Please note that we reserve the right to withdraw or suspend these options with Klarna and Afterpay at any time at our sole discretion.
10.1 From time to time we will release discount codes (“Codes”) via email or other marketing chann els. These Codes will allow a discount to be applied to a new order at the gymshark.com US store. To apply a Code please enter it (and remember to click “apply”) where specified during the check-out process.
10.2 Please note:
10.2.1 Codes are valid for a limited period of time as specified in the relevant email or marketing communication, they cannot be used outside of that time period.
10.2.2 Save as expressly stated in the relevant email or marketing communication, Codes are only valid on full-priced items and cannot be used on sale, outlet or promotional items, or to purchase gift cards.
10.2.3 Only one Code can be applied per order. Codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer and are not available for staff of Gymshark USA Inc. or any of its group companies.
10.2.4 Codes are territory/store specific, cannot be exchanged for cash and are non-transferable.
10.2.5 Codes cannot be applied towards delivery charges.
10.2.6 Returned items will be refunded at the discounted price paid (the discount applied between the goods proportionately). Where a qualifying spend is noted in relation to use of a Code, if items purchased using that Code are later returned to us which brings the amount spent below any qualifying level, the offer value may be deducted from any refund. This does not affect your statutory rights. A discount will not be applied to items subsequently replaced.
10.2.7 Orders are subject to stock availability and acceptance by us. We reserve the right to decline to accept orders where, in our reasonable opinion, a Code is invalid for the order being placed or is the subject of improper use or fraudulent activity.
10.2.8 We reserve the right to withdraw, amend or extend offers at any time on reasonable notice.
10.3 Specific offer terms and conditions are provided with each Code - for specific information relevant to that Code, please refer to the email or marketing communication on which it is featured.
11.1 We are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage caused by us. If we fail to comply with these terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking this contract or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable only if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the contract was made, both we and you knew it might happen.
11.2 We are not responsible to you for unforeseeable loss or damage . This excludes liability for consequential, special, incidental, or indirect damages, including without limitation for any lost profits or lost data, in connection with or arising under the contract, or for the performance of the products, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
11.3 If we are found to be liable to you for any damage or loss our liability shall not exceed US$100.00 . This limit would apply to any liability which is in any way connected with or arising out of the contract or our products or your use of the website or our app.
11.4 We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so . This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; for breach of your legal rights in relation to the products (including the right to receive products which are: as described and match information we provided to you; of satisfactory quality; fit for any particular purpose made known to us; and supplied with reasonable skill and care); and for defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987. Some jurisdictions do not permit certain limitations or exclusions on liabilities, legal warranties and remedies, so these exclusions/limitations in this Section 10 may not apply to you.
11.5 We are not liable for business losses. We only supply the products for private use. If you use the products for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
How we may use your personal information . We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Notice. You can read it here: https://support.gymshark.com/en-US/pages/privacy-notice
13.1 We may transfer this contract to someone else . We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. We will contact you to let you know if we plan to do this. If you are unhappy with the transfer, you may contact us to end the contract within seven days of us telling you about it and we will refund you any payments you have made in advance for products not provided.
13.2 You need our consent to transfer your rights to someone else . You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these terms to another person if we agree to this in writing.
13.3 Nobody else has any rights under this contract . This contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.
13.4 We may change these terms at any time . We may make changes to these terms at any time to reflect changes in the law or for any other reason. The most up-to-date version of our terms will always be displayed on our website and/or our app so please have a look before placing an order for our products to ensure you know about any changes which may have been made since your last visit to our website or our app.
13.5 If a court finds part of this contract illegal, the rest will continue in force . Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
13.6 Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later . If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
13.7 Which laws apply to this contract and where you may bring legal proceedings . These terms are governed by English law. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) does not apply.
READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY - IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE SUIT IN COURT.
14.1 If you live in the United States, you agree that any and all claims, disputes, controversies, actions or proceedings (collectively the “claims”) relating to, or arising out of, the creation, production, manufacture, distribution, promotion, marketing, advertising (including oral and written statements), use of or sale of any and all of our products, through all merchandising channels, including but not limited to, the internet, this website, our app, social media, telephone, catalog, radio, television, mobile device and participating retail stores (collectively the “Sites”), shall be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA").
14.2 Before commencing any arbitration, you must give us notice of any claims, in writing. We may then attempt to resolve your claim. If the dispute is not resolved within 30 days, you may demand an arbitration pursuant to the terms below.
14.3 You agree that: (i) the arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator pursuant to the applicable Rules and Procedures established by the AAA and subject to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.; (ii) the arbitration shall be held telephonically with written submissions, or based on written submissions only (at your option), with the arbitrator’s fee to be paid by us (unless the arbitrator finds that your claims are frivolous, in which case you will pay the arbitrator’s fee), if the amount in controversy is $10,000 or below, or, for amounts in controversy in excess of $10,000 in person at a location determined by the AAA pursuant to the Rules and Procedures of the AAA, with the arbitrator’s fee to be allocated equally between the parties; (iii) the arbitrator shall have the authority to award actual direct damages only with no authority to issue any fines and penalties nor award punitive damages or equitable relief; (iv) THERE SHALL BE NO RIGHT TO LITIGATE YOUR CLAIM IN COURT AND NO RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, and (v) your claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and that you shall not have the right to participate in a representative capacity, or as a member of any class of claimants pertaining to any claims subject to arbitration, and that the arbitrator shall have no authority to consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated and may only resolve claims, and render awards between you and us alone. With the exception subpart (v) above, if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the Rules and Procedures of the AAA, then same shall be stricken and the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and construed accordingly. If subpart (v) is invalidated, there shall be no right to arbitration of claims on any class or collective basis, but instead any attempt to assert claims on a class or collective basis of any kind must be pursued in a court of competent jurisdiction. For more information on the AAA and its Rules and Procedures, you may visit the AAA website at //www.adr.org. The arbitration shall be strictly confidential.
14.4 You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by these arbitration provisions by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to the following address: my data@gymshark.com .
14.5 You must provide your name, address, email that is associated with your Gymshark account if there is one, and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration provision, within the later of 30 days after your first use of the Sites, or within 30 days of substantive changes, if any, being made to these Terms and Conditions, otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate any disputes, claims, or controversies in accordance with the terms of this section. If you opt out of these arbitration provisions, Gymshark will similarly not be bound by them. If you do not affirmatively elect to opt out as described above, your use of the Sites will be deemed to be your irrevocable acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and any changes/updates to this section or otherwise.
14.6 If any clause within these arbitration provisions is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that specific clause will be severed from these arbitration provisions, and the remainder of the arbitration provisions will be given full force and effect. In the event some or all of these arbitration provisions are determined to be unenforceable for any reason, or if a claim, dispute, or controversy is brought that is found by a court to be excluded from the scope of these arbitration provisions, you and the Gymshark agree to waive, to the fullest extent allowed by law, any trial by jury.
15.1 You agree that you and Gymshark will resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies on an individual basis, and that claim(s), if any, brought under these Terms and Conditions in connection with any of the Sites will be brought in an individual capacity, and not on behalf of, or as part of, any purported class, consolidated, or representative proceeding. You and Gymshark further agree that you shall not participate in any consolidated, class, or representative proceeding (existing or future) brought by any third party arising under these Terms and Conditions or in connection with any of the Sites.
15.2 The terms of this provision will also apply to any claims asserted by you against any of Gymshark’s affiliates, to the extent that any such claims arise out of your access to, and/or use of any of the Sites, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through any of the Sites.
Gymshark
ADAPT FLECK
CONDITIONING CLUB
VARSITY 🎒
GSLC
ENERGISED SEAMLESS
WHITNEY LEGGINGS
GYM GIRL AESTHETIC 🎧🩶
ONYX
GYM GRWM
WORKOUT VIDEOS
Conditioning Club Oversized T-Shirt
SKU: A2B5Y-UDR5
Stringers
Stone Grey
Black Print
Men's Stringers & Stringer Vests
Men’s gym stringers
Explore our collection of men’s gym stringers in a huge range of styles. From classic fits to modern twists, our gym stringers are both practical and stylish, allowing you to move freely whilst you workout and also look your best.
A bodybuilding classic and wardrobe staple - the stringer is the ultimate workout companion for anyone looking to put on some serious size. From tapered stringers to slim fit stringers that enhance your physique, you can choose from our range of collections or mix and match between them all depending on your mood.
Legacy takes it back to where it all started, homing in on that classic bodybuilding design with graphics such as the revamped original Gymshark logo. Sweat-wicking fabrics combined with durable soft materials and the old school bodybuilding stringer design make Legacy the perfect range for an authentic lifting look.
Critical is the reliable item at the very core of your wardrobe, with a liberating cut and elastane blend, this classic workout stringer cut is durable enough to be comfortable through every rep. Enabling you to perform at your best with minimal distractions.
Bold allows you to wear bold train big, this loud and proud gym stringer is made with a cotton and elastane blend for breathability and flexibility. While the Apollo stringer combines comfort with functionality for a stringer that’s perfect for working out and chilling out.
A stringer vest or stringer tank is a classic piece of bodybuilding clothing. It gets its name from the thin straps, alike to string, that run over the shoulders and have either a Y or T design that emphasises both the arm, back and shoulder muscles.
The stringer has become a staple in the bodybuilding community as its design offers both functionality and physique accentuations. The thin racerback straps allow lifters full freedom of movement whilst showing off the muscles they work so hard for.
The gym stringer is designed to complement the physique whilst maximising hard work. It’s form fitting design and racerback straps allows you to show off the muscles that they work for. Whilst also allowing you to see that muscles such as the shoulders, arms and back are being worked correctly as you train.
The stringer vests design offers full freedom of movement for every curl, press and row, as you’re not restricted by tight clothing around muscles and joints. While sweat-wicking materials draw moisture away from the skin and the drop armhole allows for circulation of air, helping to keep you cool throughout your workout.
Stringer tank tops can be worn with either sweatpants or Shorts , it all depends on what you feel most comfortable and confident in. You could even cover it with one of our pump cover for a big reveal of your muscles when you’re warmed up.
SUMMER ESSENTIALS
Must-have looks and accessories to keep you pushing this season.
Power T-Shirt
Arrival 5" Short
Essential Oversized Jogger
Legacy Drop Arm Tank
Crest Oversized Hoodie
Retro Crinkle Track Jacket
Best Sellers
Charcoal Core Marl/Sets Red
Mocha Mauve
Bold staples for progressive overloads, comfy styles to recover in.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 342 products
Men's Must-Haves
Everyday Seamless Capri Legging
Grab all your gym essentials for even less with 15% off with student discount for a limited time only.
SOFT, SECOND-SKIN GYM SETS
Once you put Everyday Seamless on, you’ll probably never want to take it off. But that’s a risk we’re willing to take. These fits are here to keep you comfy and confident whether you’re running a 5k, out for a coffee, or relaxing on your days off.
SKU: B4B7Q-BB2J
Adapt Fleck x Whitney Halterneck Sports Bra
SKU: B4C1J-BBDG
Oversized T-Shirts
Not your average oversized tees. These on-trend essentials level up your fit no matter the plan with physique-enhancing seams to accentuate your shape, and relaxed fits that bring comfort to couch days. Whether it's dead hang or group hang, making a statement with prints or repping quiet luxury with timeless designs, oversized t-shirts fit the bill.
Super tight fit, like a second skin. PSA: will make your arms look massive.
Onyx Grey/Acid Wash Small Ball
Athletic Light Blue
Calm Pink
Jewel Teal
Denim Grey
Brushed Purple
Trail Green/Soft White
Success Blue
Viewing 1 - 60 of 110 products
Men’s Oversized Gym T Shirts
Men’s Oversized T Shirts
The oversized t shirt needs to find its way into your wardrobe as it’s a true staple piece for any man, both in and out of the gym. It’s effortless and relaxed vibe will have you looking cool and chic whether you’re taking a well-earned rest day or pushing for a PB. Their loose fit and soft fabrics will support you whatever your day throws at you.
Whether you’re going for crisp white or subtle black, bright and bold or on-trend graphics or slogans, we have oversized gym t shirts and baggy t shirts to suit all and they’re so easy to style. Wear with straight-leg jeans or cargo trousers and your fave trainers for that perfect weekend look. If you’re hitting the gym, pair your oversized gym t shirt with a pair of shorts or more fitted sweatpants .
Browse our Essential collection for an oversized gym t shirt that is versatile and classic in style. No gym bag is complete without it. The Power oversized gym t shirts range is made from durable materials for those days you really want to push yourself and aren’t afraid to fail. Our graphic oversized t shirts elevate your basics while keeping the same functionality you know and love. They’re a great off-duty look. For something more casual, check out our Rest Day oversized tees collection. Whatever oversized or baggy t shirt you go for, you’ll be promised the same comfort and quality you know and love from Gymshark.
All Equipment
Mushroom Grey
Bench Blue
Sunset Pink
Slate Teal
Viewing 1 - 41 of 41 products
Gym Equipment
Gym accessory essentials. Stay hydrated during your workout with our range of gym bottles, including a 2.2L water bottle and metal flask. If you’re on the move, take your workout with you with a full set of resistance bands, or get your stretch on with our foam rollers and yoga blocks.
All Accessories | Gym Headwear | Gym Beanies | Gym Caps | Bottles | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | All Bags | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
Does Cardio Kill Gains? Here’s What the Research Really Says
04.30.25
Last Edited 04.29.25
Not long ago, the gym felt like it had two distinct tribes: the lifters and the cardio crowd—each sticking firmly to their side of the turf. But fast-forward to 2025, and fitness has evolved. Now, it’s more common to see people bouncing between barbells and treadmills, blending heavy lifts with high-intensity intervals and strength work with sweat sessions.
As this new wave of hybrid training takes over, an old debate resurfaces: Does cardio kill gains?
For so long, cardio was treated like the enemy of muscle growth–as if stepping onto a treadmill or attending a single cycling class could undo months of hard-earned progress. The fear that your gains would vanish the moment you dared to break a sweat without a barbell in hand.
But does the myth still stand? Or have hybrid athletes proven the myth wrong and finally put it to bed?
It’s time to settle the debate once and for all: Does cardio kill gains, or have we been avoiding the treadmill for no good reason?
It’s time to find out. We’ve enlisted Senior Gymshark Fitness Pros, Tyler Saunders and Josh Carr , to help us settle the debate, once and for all.
Does Cardio Kill Gains?
It’s an age-old debate that sends many of us into a spiral of confusion. The theory that cardio can, in fact, hinder your ‘gains’ has been around since the 1980s (if not earlier).
Robert C. Hickson coined the term ‘Adaptation Interference’ in his 1980 study. In this study, Hickson concluded that doing resistance training and cardio together in a single program (called ‘concurrent training’) led to fewer strength gains after 10 weeks than those doing only resistance training [1].
The study set the tone for years to come, leading many bodybuilders to steer clear of any form of cardio machine to minimize the impact on their hard-earned gains.
But is the theory true? – Not really. And here’s why:
Why Cardio Won’t Impact Your Strength Gains (And Could Actually Help Them)
‘There is some truth to the interference effect,’ explains Gymshark Senior Fitness Pro, Tyler, ‘but only if you do excessive amounts , or high-volume endurance work. *
‘If your nutrition and recovery are poor, then it can interfere with strength gains. But if it's done correctly (right intensity, timing, and duration), combining both strength and cardio can increase work capacity and improve recovery during and post-workout.’
Recent studies support this, finding that cardiovascular exercise activates key signalling pathways (such as Akt/mTOR and MAPK) that promote protein synthesis and muscle growth . While not as potent as resistance training, numerous recent studies have shown aerobic exercise can still contribute significantly to muscle hypertrophy and prevent muscle atrophy in certain populations [2,3].
Even when some studies have gone as far as to show an ‘interference effect’, the impact is likely minor at most.
This 2021 study found that cardio only impacted strength gains for trained individuals performing resistance and endurance training within the same session (less than 20 minutes apart) –but this impact was only moderate and did not occur when the modalities were performed in separate sessions [4].
In short, you might not make as fast (or as significant) ‘gains’ doing a weekly split of strength training and cardio as you would if you were doing solely resistance training–but, in most cases, cardio will not blunt your hypertrophy.
How To Combine Strength Training And Cardio While Minimizing Muscle Loss
Follow these tips to minimize the interference between resistance training and cardio to maximize your gains:
Keep your cardio and resistance training separate (if possible!): ‘ If you are taking on multiple training sessions per day, I would personally do any cardio first , ’ states Josh. ‘If possible, leave a minimum of 4 hours before doing strength training after. This is because the AMPK molecular signalling pathway remains activated for around 4 hours post-cardio exercise, which can interfere with mTOR signalling. The pathway is activated by strength training and is crucial for muscle protein synthesis.’
Prioritize strength training, if doing strength and cardio within one session: We don’t all have time to hit the gym twice a day! If you do perform weight training and cardio in a single session, you should ideally do resistance training before cardio to maximise strength gains and hypertrophy.
Start your week with intense training, end it with higher volume: ‘This is my best advice to those combining strength and cardio in their routine to optimise performance,’ states Josh . ‘By putting all of your most intense training (sprints, heavy lifting, jumps and throws) at the beginning of your training week and your highest volume training (long cardio sessions, high rep bodybuilding) towards the end of your week, you give your body the maximum amount of time to recover before returning to a given stimulus.’ This approach ensures that the body is not subjected to excessive fatigue from both high-intensity and high-volume training simultaneously.
Focus primarily on longer, aerobic cardio sessions: These sessions should be 30 to 45 minutes long at 70–80% Heart Rate Reserve (HRR) (or zone 2) [2,3]. Zone 2 training will not only improve your endurance but has been found to be as effective for hypertrophy as traditional resistance training. This type of cardio is less fatiguing than higher intensity training (or HIIT), promoting faster recovery with less chance of negatively impacting your strength sessions.
Up the calories: ‘Nutrition is super important when it comes to maintaining and building muscle,’ notes Tyler. Adding cardio into your routine means you’ll burn more calories, so you must increase your calories accordingly: ‘Ensure you're still eating in a surplus (or maintenance at least) and hitting your relevant protein target (around 2g per kg bodyweight) to fuel muscle growth .’
Recovery is key: Rest days might feel counterintuitive, but they’re essential for allowing your muscle tissues to repair and grow. You should leave at least 48 hours between resistance exercises that target the same muscle groups, which can be the ideal time to include some active rest, such as yoga, walking, or an easy jog [7].
Doing Cardio Alongside Strength Training Can Boost Performance
Being scared of losing hard-earned gains should not be a reason to skip cardio day. Not only does cardio support overall health and longevity , but it can also enhance lifting performance [5].
According to Tyler, ‘ a good level of cardio can allow you to push harder and longer in workouts - think more sets & reps, shorter rest = more total volume. Key factors in muscle hypertrophy .’
Here’s how cardio training boosts your gains:
🫀 Better Heart & Circulatory Function : A stronger, more efficient heart pumps more oxygen-rich blood with less effort. That means faster recovery between sets, better muscle recovery between sessions, a lower heart rate, and more endurance for supersets, drop sets, and higher volume training [6].
⚡ Enhanced Work & Recovery Capacity : Trainer Josh Carr notes, ‘
For most people focused on hypertrophy, spending 60-144 minutes of aerobic exercise (in zone 2: 60-70% MaxHR) has been shown to have a significant positive effect on aerobic capacity. This means better recovery rates both between sets and between sessions, ultimately allowing for increased training output across the week.’
🔥 Increased Calorie Burn for Leaner Gains : Whether you're leaning out or deep in a
cutting phase , cardio helps you stay in a calorie deficit without slashing food intake. The result? Sharper definition and the chance to show off all your hard-earned muscle (yep, we’re talking about those six-pack abs ).
There isn’t a set amount, but it’s probably more than you think! The most important thing is to continue prioritizing your strength sessions, training each muscle group twice weekly, and implementing progressive overload. In addition, you need to ensure you are consuming enough calories (and adequate protein) to maintain muscle mass, considering that with extra cardio added into your routine, you’ll need additional calories to account for the extra activity.
Separating your strength training and cardio into separate sessions will also help to minimise muscle loss. However, if you do perform cardio and weightlifting in a single session, you should lift first and leave the cardio for the end of the session to maximize gains.
While traditional cardio exercises are not primarily designed for muscle building, certain forms like HIIT and interval-based cardio can promote muscle hypertrophy and strength. A 2021 study found that HIIT can help maintain muscle mass and may even promote muscle growth (particularly for older adults who are susceptible to muscle loss or when used post-surgery) [8].
However, when it comes to building muscle, combining cardio with resistance training is more effective than aerobic training alone [9]. Muscle growth (hypertrophy) requires mechanical tension, muscle damage, and metabolic stress, all of which are best triggered by resistance training.
The best cardio for lifters is low-intensity steady state (LISS) cardio , such as swimming, cycling, light jogging, an incline treadmill, or an elliptical.
This type of cardio:
Uses stored fat for energy, supporting long-term fat loss [10].
Strengthening the heart, lungs, and aerobic capacity makes it easier to perform more reps on your lifts and allows for better recovery between sets [11].
It has a low impact on recovery, so it should interfere minimally (if at all) with muscle gains, making it easy to include frequently in your routine.
You could also include some higher intensity cardio in your training (HIIT) , but due to it’s demanding nature and higher degree of fatigue, this should be included less frequently in your routine. HIIT does come with it’s own benefits, such as promoting muscle growth and increasing muscle fiber size and and oxidative capacity, aiding muscle growth and helping you lift more powerfully [8,12,13].
The Verdict
‘We now understand the interference effect much better than we did in the 1980s,’ Josh explains*, ‘and the emergence of the hybrid athlete shows that we can manage interference, if our programming is designed correctly.’*
Doing cardio alongside strength training can actually benefit your lifting. It can help you recover faster between sets, push out more reps for each exercise, and ultimately recover quicker between workouts–helping you train more frequently and harder.
Keep progressively overloading, lifting heavy, and focus on your nutrition.
Be clever with your programming, separating your strength and cardio sessions where possible, or prioritizing your strength first, if combining the two in one session.
A little cardio won’t mess with your gains — in fact, it might just take them to the next level.
Cardio day incoming? Never be stuck for what to do, with follow-along conditioning sessions, running workouts, and circuits on the Gymshark Training App.
* The Interference Effect is defined as one type of training (like cardio) can negatively impact or blunt the progress of another type of training (like strength).
Hickson, R.C. (1980). Interference of Strength Development by Simultaneously Training for Strength and Endurance .
Irawati, V., Sylviana, N. and Lubis, L. (2024). Role Of Exercise Intensity in Skeletal Muscle Hypertrophy .
Konopka, A.R. and Harber, M.P. (2014). Skeletal Muscle Hypertrophy After Aerobic Exercise Training .
Petré, H., Hemmingsson, E., Rosdahl, H. and Psilander, N. (2021). Development of Maximal Dynamic Strength during Concurrent Resistance and Endurance Training in Untrained, Moderately Trained, and Trained Individuals: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis .
Lang, J.J., Prince, S.A., Merucci, K., Cadenas-Sanchez, C., Chaput, J.-P., Fraser, B.J., Manyanga, T., McGrath, R., Ortega, F.B., Singh, B. and Tomkinson, G.R. (2024). Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is a Strong and Consistent Predictor of Morbidity and Mortality Among Adults: An Overview of Meta-Analyses Representing Over 20.9 Million Observations From 199 Unique Cohort Studies .
Grigoreva, I., Volkova, E. and Belikova, I. (2022). Impact of Cardio Training on the Body .
Marshall, P.W.M., Cross, R. and Haynes, M. (2018). The Fatigue of a Full Body Resistance Exercise Session in Trained Men .
Callahan, M.J., Parr, E.B., Hawley, J.A. and Camera, D.M. (2021). Can High-Intensity Interval Training Promote Skeletal Muscle Anabolism?
Lee, J. and Stone, A.J. (2019). Combined Aerobic and Resistance Training for Cardiorespiratory Fitness, Muscle Strength, and Walking Capacity after Stroke: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis .
Keating, S.E., Machan, E.A., O’Connor, H.T., Gerofi, J.A., Sainsbury, A., Caterson, I.D. and Johnson, N.A. (2014). Continuous Exercise but Not High Intensity Interval Training Improves Fat Distribution in Overweight Adults .
Piercy, K.L. and Troiano, R.P. (2018). Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans from the US Department of Health and Human Services .
Morgane Pengam, Christelle Goanvec, Moisan, C., Simon, B., Gaëlle Albacète, Féray, A., Guernec, A. and Amérand, A. (2023). Moderate Intensity Continuous Versus High Intensity Interval Training: Metabolic Responses of Slow and Fast Skeletal Muscles in Rat .
O’Leary, T.J., Collett, J., Howells, K. and Morris, M.G. (2017). Endurance Capacity and Neuromuscular Fatigue Following High- vs Moderate-Intensity Endurance Training: A Randomized Trial .
Conceição, M., Cadore, E.L., González-Izal, M., Izquierdo, M., Liedtke, G.V., Wilhelm, E.N., Pinto, R.S., Reistenbach Goltz, F., Dornelles Schneider, C., Ferrari, R., Bottaro, M. and Kruel, L.F.M. (2014). Strength Training Prior to Endurance Exercise: Impact on the Neuromuscular System, Endurance Performance and Cardiorespiratory Responses .
Volpe, S.L. (2025). The Effect of Endurance Running on Training Adaptations in Women Participating in a Weight Lifting Program .
Meet Alex Kirkup-Lee, our Content Writer whose passion for fitness fuels every word she writes.
New Arrivals
Brand new drops, brand new reasons to go gym. You’re welcome.
Vibrant Pink
Rest Pink/Oat White
Functional Teal
Viewing 1 - 60 of 70 products
New Gym Accessories
Modern Slavery
Clock Last updated: 06 Feb 2025
Statement 2023-2024
Statement 2022-2023
Statement 2021-2022
Statement 2020-2021
Statement 2019-2020
Statement 2018-2019
High-Waisted Leggings
Reach new heights of performance, comfort and confidence with our high waisted gym leggings. Designed to provide superior support and a figure-flattering fit, these leggings take your workouts and rest day 'fits to a whole new level. Choose from our range of colours, cuts, quality materials and innovative designs, and rest assured that both your fitness and your activewear game will be on point.
TALL LEGGINGS
No ankles to see here.
Weighted Teal
Midnight Purple
Active Blue
Viewing 1 - 60 of 233 products
High Waisted Leggings for Women
High waisted leggings, aka high-rise leggings, are made to fit above the navel to create an ultra-flattering fit. The shape of the leggings gives complements your silhouette whilst high sitting waistbands offer support and keep you snug.
Perfect for taking you from an intense workout session to brunch with friends, most of our stylish high waisted leggings come with an elasticated or ribbed waistband, which offers a sculpting effect, enhancing that post workout pump.
Our leggings are designed to help you smash goals in the gym whilst looking and feeling your very best. Loving high waisted leggings is one thing—finding the perfect pair for your workout is another. That's where we've got you covered. Head over to our blog, 'The Best High Waisted Leggings' and discover the high-waisted leggings most suited to your training style.
Our seamless high waisted leggings offer flexibility and freedom of movement to support you through every squat, run or spin class. With smooth material hugging you whilst the elasticated waistband keeps everything in place, so you can focus on your workout and let the leggings do their job.
Whether you opt for black high waisted leggings which level up pretty much any look, or colourful high waisted leggings available in a range of shades from pastel to bright with prints, you can dress them easily.
You could pair your high waisted leggings with a matching sports bra which will keep you cool during a sweaty session and allow you to show off the enhanced fit, or you could style it with an oversized hoodie for a comfy casual look that’s perfect for outside the gym.
How you style your high waisted gym leggings is totally up to you, but our selection of clothing is sure to have something that will perfectly complement your look. So shop here today.
All Leggings | Cropped Leggings | Scrunch Bum Leggings | Seamless Leggings | Black Leggings | Joggers & Sweatpants | High Waisted Joggers | Women's Tracksuits | All Shorts |
Layer up with our men’s workout jackets. Off to the gym, running or doing errands? Our gym jackets will carry you through your day whatever it entails. Crafted with performance in mind, without compromising on style, our workout jackets are your new workout bestie.
Jackets
Light Grey/Medium Grey
Utility Green
Titanium Blue/Fresh Blue
Sand Beige
Black/Tame Grey
Charcoal Core Marl
Walnut Brown/Mocha Mauve/Soft White
Pale Blue
Boost your running and beat your record in the Running 1/4 Zip.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 81 products
Men's Workout Jackets
Shop zip jackets for men. Explore our collection of men’s zip jackets that combine functional fabrics with zero-distraction designs so you can focus on your performance and look great whilst doing it. We have a huge selection of colours and styles to suit any mood, from grey and black zip jackets that can go with anything, to graphic zip jackets that look as bold as you feel.
Make sure you’re ready to take on any challenge with breathable materials combined with functional features, for a collection of zip jackets that moves with you. Our gym zip jackets are created with lightweight and sweat wicking materials that keep you cool and comfortable. So you can focus on your best performance yet, whether you’re stepping up to the bar or going that extra mile.
Don’t let the elements stop you from achieving your PB. Our zip up jackets can be worn for both indoor and outdoor workouts, as you can find features such wind proof materials and mesh panels for breathability. Zip windbreaker jackets can help to protect you from harsh weather with features such as bungee cord hoods and water repellent materials, so they can be worn for anything from an outdoor sport to a trail run.
Our zip jackets with pockets make the perfect zip jackets for running, as they can allow you to keep your phone, ear pods and keys on you whilst reflective logos help make you visible when running at night. Alternatively, zip up gilets insulate warmth around your torso whilst offering freedom of movement and ventilation for your under arms.
When on the go, our flexible and lightweight zip jackets are perfect for throwing over your outfit, whether you’re heading to the gym or out to run errands. Or on those chillier days when you need to wrap up more, our padded zip jackets are perfect. Simply throw on when taking a recovery walk or meeting friends and let the padding keep you cosy and warm.
So, whatever the workout, our zip-up jackets will be your new go-to. Or if you’re looking for something cosier, why not try a zip up hoodie .
Wear your zip up jacket over your stringer or t-shirt . When wearing in the gym, you may want to wear it with joggers . Alternatively, if you’re on a run, a zip up jacket would pair perfectly with shorts and leggings .
Workout Tshirts | Long Sleeve Workout Tops | Pullovers | Gym Hoodies | Sleeveless Gym Tops | Gym Tanks | Track Tops
From sofa to squat rack, our women’s sweatpants do it all. Made with cozy fabrics and snug fits, they’re the ultimate essential for rest day comfort. Plus, with pockets and adjustable waistbands for a fit that stays put, you can forget about losing your phone—or your pants. Choose from oversized, regular, slim fit, or straight-leg for a wardrobe staple for every occasion.
GRAPHIC JOGGERS
Versatile fits & bold graphics. Step up your staples with our graphic styles.
TRACKSUITS
Lifestyle & sportswear fashion collide to create the ultimate rest day uniform.
Bros Worn Blue Marl
Silver Grey
Washed Mauve
Depth Purple
Mocha Mauve/Black
Bros Gentle Blue Marl
Celeste Blue/Heavy Blue
White Marl
Viewing 1 - 60 of 138 products
Women's Joggers and Sweatpants
A staple of any modern woman's wardrobe, sweatpants can be dressed up for a smart casual look, dressed down for the perfect loungewear ‘fit, form part of your gym wear, and everything in between. With figure-flattering fits, soft to the touch materials and stylish silhouettes, you’ll be sure to find the perfect pair of women’s joggers in our range.
Our women’s gym sweatpants have been crafted with a range of technologies that help you push through your workout: elasticated waistbands that stay-put, pockets to store your belongings, lightweight, breathable fabrics for comfort, sweat-wicking tech to keep you cool and dry, and seamless design for zero distractions. Our women’s gym joggers will take you from the sofa to the squat rack, seamlessly.
Our range of women’s sweat pants for rest days really are the perfect blend of comfort and style. Made with heavy-weight fabrics for ultimate cosiness and designed with boxy fits, you’ll be chilling out in style.
Sweatsuits
Easy street stylin' or a complete gym 'fit, our women's tracksuits are the perfect go-to. Looking for a low effort look or a gymwear staple? Throw on a Gymshark tracksuit. Take it back to basics with black or grey, or mix and match and add a splash of colour.
Soft Blue
Cargo Blue
Viewing 1 - 60 of 424 products
Women's Sweatsuits & Tracksuits
Last Chance To Buy
Welcome to the page where you can shop our discounted gym styles. Take a look around and pick up what you like asap because they won’t be here forever. Thank us later in the gym.
For Less
Graphite Grey/Asphalt Grey
Chalk Green/Base Green
Autumn Brown
Victory Green/Unit Green
Frost Blue
Canyon Red
Force Blue
Viewing 1 - 60 of 631 products
Last Chance
All Bags
Your fitness journey deserves a stylish and practical sidekick – enter our gym bags. More than just a way to carry your gym clothes, headphones and protein shaker, these bags are designed to keep you organised and on-trend for whatever the day has in store. Choose from a range of colours and styles, and shop gym bags that help you stay prepared, whether that's for a workout session or rest day.
Ice Grey
Black Wash
Viewing 1 - 60 of 91 products
Men's & Women's Gym Bags
Whether you’re looking for a duffle bag, backpack, or gym tote, our gym bags combine functionality and convenience without foregoing style. Pack all your workout wardrobe favorites in one of our large duffle bags or gym holdalls, or if you’re only looking to pack the essentials check out our small sports bags and gym sacks. Browse the full collection.
All Accessories | Gym Headwear | Gym Beanies | Gym Caps | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
Hey, Want Emails You’ll Actually Read?
Here’s why joining the community will be the best decision you’ve made since you landed on our website.
Events
You’ll be the first to know about exclusive events at GSLC (Gymshark Lifting Club), our Lift events, and any others.
Product Drops
You’ll get early deets of when new products are gonna launch so you can mark your calendars.
Exclusive Content
Unlock promotions, discover what makes your Gymshark clothes so great, and learn all the ways you can style your pieces.
10% off
And if you’re signing up for the first time, you’ll get 10% off your first order, too.
By submitting this form, you agree to receive emails about our products, apps, sales, exclusive content and more. See our Privacy Policy and California Notice .
Black Leggings
From work out to hang out, our black leggings are essential in any wardrobe. Allow for sculpting fits, comfy fabrics and functional features to help you feel your personal best for whatever the day has in store. Shop Gymshark black leggings in a range of styles and pair with, almost, anything in your wardrobe.
short
Black/Calm Pink
Triangle | Black Print
Black/Brushed Grey
Black/Metal Grey
Vital Seamless Leggings
Viewing 1 - 60 of 61 products
A staple piece in your workout wardrobe, and rightly so, black leggings are a must-have in any gym wear rotation. They’re versatile, suit everyone, and just about go with everything.
Our women’s black workout leggings come in a range of styles and fits, including high waisted , regular and cropped , to suit all your workout and loungewear needs. High-waisted black leggings offer more support and a snatched fit, while cropped black leggings are for a sportier look and are ideal on warmer days. Choosing the right pair is critical. While the options are versatile and interchangeable, the key is choosing leggings that meet your specific needs for performance, comfort, and style. Our blog, 'The Black Leggings Guide' , has rounded up the best black leggings for working out, so whatever your activity, you can be confident you'll find the perfect pair for your routine.
Choose from a range of styles to find the pair of black leggings that make you feel confident to raise the bar every day. Contouring Seamless leggings lift, shape and cinch exactly where you need it, while Sweat leggings to keep you feeling comfortable through the most intense workouts. You might even opt for our Everyday range which are perfect for, well, everyday wear. Whatever the day has in store, we have the black leggings for it.
Black Sports Bras
Black sports bras are a must-have in your gym-girl wardrobe. Easy to match with any sports outfit, they’ll give you the comfort and the support you need for all your workouts. Neutral and versatile, black gives minimalist chic no matter what the day has in store. A safe bet for a refined gym style.
Black/Camo Brown
Black/Reps Red
Viewing 1 - 55 of 55 products
Women's Black Sports Bras
Black Gym Bras
Truly versatile, a black sports bra is a wardrobe staple. They’re subtle, yet classic. Understated, yet underrated. A black sports bra should be part of every woman’s gym essentials.
Our black sports bras have soft stretch materials, an unrestricted fit, and light, breathable designs to give you the natural range of motion you need to really push your workout, knowing you’ll be properly supported and comfortable.
For high-impact sports and activities that require lots of movement like running, CrossFit training, HIIT workouts, and weightlifting, or for women with larger bra sizes, a high-support sports bra bra is required. These types of black sports bras are designed for more intense workouts and offer the extra support you require, allowing you to workout feeling secure and without any distractions.
For low intensity activities, such as walking, yoga or Pilates, or those well-earned rest days, a low-support sports bra or medium-support sports bra will offer you the support you need. These black sports bras are designed for less movement.
We have a range of different styles or black sports bras from padded to removable pads, long line to minimal, V neck to scoop neck, racer back to cross back, zip up to pullover, thin straps to thick straps and everything in between. You’ll be sure to find a Gymshark black sports bra for your needs.
Layer your black sports bra under your gym top or crop top or wear alone with your favourite leggings or shorts . For an extra comfy look, wear your black sports bra with a pair of sweatpants . No matter what you decide to wear, you’ll feel supported to focus on nothing but your performance.
WORKING HARD = RESTING HARD
If we have to take a rest day (spoiler: we do), might as well do it in the softest, comfiest, cosiest styles there are.
Rest Day
Viewing 1 - 60 of 465 products
Rest Day Collection
POPULAR RIGHT NOW
WAIT THERE’S MORE…
Find the best short length for your height, style, and activity with our detailed guide.
Stop looking; start finding the leggings you've been looking for. However you train, whatever your look, we’ve got a match.
Find the one with high, medium and light-support sports bras more trustworthy and reliable than your ex.
Everything you need to know about the best gym shorts in the game, from repping, to running, to rest day.
Let’s go back to basics. Smash your workout with the right gym essentials and outfit ideas for every activity.
Sleek, simple and comfy, bodysuits are the perfect addition to your summer wardrobe. Learn how to style yours.
Is cardio the enemy of muscle growth, or have we been avoiding the treadmill for no good reason? We uncover the truth.
After a new tank top to see you through summer training? Breathable, sweat-wicking, stylish, check out our best.
Run faster, longer, and injury-free by adding these essential strength exercises designed specifically for runners.
Looking to switch up your ab workout routine? Give these kettlebell core exercises a try to sculpt, strengthen, and define.
Discover the best sled push technique and exercises to build strength to tackle this Hyrox station with ease.
Craving that leg day burn? Try these 10 dumbbell exercises for serious gains.
Want to run faster and chase a new PB? Interval running is what you need: run hard, recover fast and repeat.
Get the Gymshark app for on-the-go shopping, exclusive drops and Gymshark Regent St. access.
Train like an athlete or personalise your own training plan. Then go make some progress. Oh, and it’s 100% free.
Workout Clothes & Gym Clothes
Workout Clothes designed to help you become your personal best. Because when it comes to performing at your max, there should be no obstacles – least of all your workout clothes.
Functional and comfortable, we create workout clothing you'll sweat in. Since 2012, we've designed and created the workout clothes we want to wear, because training and its people are what we know best.
Gym Clothes built in the weight room
Our legacy was built in the weight room. Gymshark was founded with a love for training and that passion continues into all our gym clothes today. You'll find the latest innovation in gym clothing and accessories to help you perform at your best and recover in style.
Our Men's Workout Clothes feature sweat wicking workout shirts and tank tops , gym shorts , sweatpants and more. Whilst our Women's Workout Clothes are designed for a range of movements and feature sophisticated seamless technology, clever contouring and durable, quick-dry sweat wicking fabrics on leggings , sports bras and more.
An obsession with lifting is what started this brand, and we haven't forgotten our roots. Our Women's and Men's Bodybuilding clothes feature classic styles, with modern cuts and innovative fabrics to help you raise the bar.
Activewear & Athleisure
We create the tools that help everyone become their personal best – no matter the sport. Our range of Activewear is designed to give you the support you need to perform at your best, whether that's on the track, on the gym floor or in the studio.
Whilst our men's and women's athleisure elevates your workouts with the most comfortable gym hoodies, the most supportive gym leggings and the most innovatively designed workout shirts that are made to move when it matters most.
More than your best workout clothing
The Gymshark community is devoted to unlocking potential through conditioning and the things we do today to prepare for tomorrow. It's every setback, step-up and milestone along the way. Game-changing workout clothing, running clothes and loungewear essentials. It's not just in the designs, it's in the people who wear them.
Looking for more inspiration? Discover our latest tips, stories, and training insights on Gymshark Central – your next step towards becoming your personal best.
GYMSHARK LOGIN
Shop your styles, save top picks to your wishlist, track those orders & train with us.
Forgot password?
Don't have an account? Sign up
Mini & Small Bags
Repping a fire athleisure 'fit but don't have any pockets? We've got you covered with our collection of small gym bags. From mini backpacks to shoulder bags, our small gym bags are lightweight and perfect for carrying essentials, just throw in your phone, headphones and keys and head to the gym. The ultimate accessory, shop our viral mini gym bags for that put together look in and out of the gym.
Vanilla Beige/Pebble Grey
Cool Brown
Viewing 1 - 22 of 22 products
Small and Mini Gym Bags
The perfect solution for the days when a full-sized bag just isn’t a vibe, complete your workout 'fit with our small and mini gym bags. Designed to safely store your workout essentials without weighing you down, our small gym bags are deceptively big, trust us, you'll fit in more than you think. .
A work-to-gym hybrid, the sleek design of our small gym bags will level up any look. Available in multiple colours and styles, you'll be trying to think of reasons not to buy one to match every gym outfit...
A true workout companion, you’ll carry your kit in comfort with our small and mini gym bags thanks to adjustable straps for the perfect fit. While features such as compartments, zips and side pockets help you to keep everything as organised as your workout plan. When it comes to small gym bags, we’ve got your back.
All Accessories | Gym Headwear | Gym Beanies | Gym Caps | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | All Bags | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags
THE SHORTS LIST
Find your perfect pair for gymming, for living, for literally everything.
We do gym. We know what you want (and need) from your gym clothes, which is why we’ve got some of the best gym shorts for men right here on this page. From repping, to running, to rest day, take a look through some of our best men’s workout shorts and discover which ones work for you.
High-stretch fabrics & side splits give you full freedom of movement.
Lightweight, breathable & distraction-free designs make these some of the best running shorts for men.
A range of fits, adjustable waists & pockets to store your stuff mean you can stay focused on your reps.
Soft cotton fabrics & adjustable fits keep you comfortable during your down time.
GRAPHICS THAT MAKE YOU FEEL STRONGER
Lift like you mean it.
Best for everyday training. A true gym bag staple, Arrival’s got everything you’ll need to smash your training goals.
Best for high-sweat. A great all-rounder, Sport is here to support you through every set, step & HIIT session.
Best for rest day. Consistently comfortable and casually stylish, you can wear Crest anywhere and pair it with anything.
Inspired by retro athletic wear and our coolest drop yet (literally). For training, rest days and a casual spring style.
IT’S ALL IN THE DETAILS
Whether you’re looking for simple stuff like the best running shorts with a phone pocket, workout shorts with an adjustable waistband, or some water-repellent swim shorts, these features work for you, so you can work on yourself.
So many options, so many questions. So whether you wanna know the best length for men’s running shorts, or just find out which ones are gonna help show that you never skip leg day, we’ve broken it allllll down for you.
Ideal length for running. Less material, more streamlined & all the focus on your training.
A great all-rounder, sitting slightly lower on the quads.
We've put together our top picks of the best gym shorts for men, to suit every style of training.
Comfortable, practical, never-want-to-take-off-able. Check out these shorts that you’ll want to live in, and be seen in.
Retro-inspired, breathable, and subtly stylish, this is a new era of mesh shorts, and they’re not just for training.
Lifting Essentials
This is literally everything you need to lift in. Fits that make you look strong af and last through rep after rep (after rep after rep). Glutes are, unfortunately, not included.
Sports Bras
All Leggings
Black/Charcoal
Light Green Marl
Mood Purple
Viewing 1 - 60 of 96 products
Women's Lifting Essentials - Gymshark
Shop women's essentials for lifting
Bodybuilding Clothing
Whether you're stepping up to the bar or clocking up miles, our workout shorts will guarantee you stay stylish and supported, even on rest days. Crafted to keep you cool and comfortable, our versatile women's gym shorts are ready for whatever the day has in store. Explore a range of lengths and fits to find workout shorts that have you feeling your personal best.
HIGH WAISTED SHORTS
SCRUNCH BUM SHORTS
LOOSE FITTING SHORTS
A looser, more casual fit.
SHORTS WITH POCKETS
Leave no keys, earphones or other essentials behind.
SEAMLESS SHORTS
Zero distractions when you train.
Plum Brown/White Marl
Viewing 1 - 60 of 199 products
Women's Gym Shorts
Women’s Workout Shorts & Athletic Shorts
We have a versatile range of women’s workout shorts that can be worn both in and out of the gym, on days you want to work out and on those well-deserved rest days . You can trust that our women’s gym shorts offer the comfort, breathability, and style you've come to know and love with Gymshark's workout wear.
We have all kinds of athletic short styles from booty shorts to jogger shorts, cycling shorts to running shorts, high waisted shorts to all-in-one short bodysuits, shorts with pockets to Seamless Shorts and more. We also have a range of colours from subtle hues like grey and black, to bright and bold shades like red, green and turquoise.
Fitness shorts can be styled in many ways and so effortlessly too. Pair your gym shorts with a sports bra and matching crop top on days you really want to show off all your gym progress. Layer with a hoodie or sweatshirt . On cooler days or days you want to chill out, swap your gym shorts for a pair of sweatpants .
Both workout leggings and workout shorts are designed for the gym and exercise. It is your personal preference which you would rather wear to the gym. Workout shorts may be preferred when the weather is warmer.
It is not recommended that you wear regular shorts to the gym, they won’t be made from the right materials and won’t be the right fit. Gym shorts have been designed specifically for the gym and working out. Activewear shorts made from breathable, lightweight, sweat-wicking materials and are crafted to fit your physique to help enhance your workout.
Gym shorts and fitness shorts come in a range of different lengths. The length you choose will depend on the type of activity you’re doing and personal preference. We have a range of lengths available from 5 inch to cycling short length.
The fit of your activewear shorts is important. They need to be fitted enough that they fit your physique perfectly, but not so tight that they’re uncomfortable with movement. Our tight gym shorts are the perfect example of this. If they’re too baggy, they could distract from your workout too.
All Leggings | High Waisted Leggings | Cropped Leggings | Seamless Leggings | Black Leggings | Camo Seamless Leggings | Joggers | Running Shorts | Bodybuilding Clothing | Booty Shorts | Skorts | Unitards | 2 in 1 Shorts
THE BEST OF GYMSHARK ANYTIME, ANYWHERE
ALL THE LATEST FITS
Easily find what you want and shop alllll the latest fits as soon as they drop. They’re all just a tap away. The Gymshark app is the only place you’ll get notifications for new drops so you can discover the latest launches first.
Save your most-loved pieces on your wishlist so you can easily find them when it’s time for your next order.
Your fave fits, faster. Check out quickly with plenty of different payment options to suit you.
As part of the Gymshark fam, you’ll get access to exclusive, one-off products that are only available on the app. Don’t say we don’t spoil you.
Check the UK store calendar, see what’s happening and book your experience. We’ve got free workout classes, shopping appointments, sessions with our Pros, and way more.
JOIN THE GYMSHARK FAM
Wherever you go, we move with you. Shop seamlessly, access exclusive products, make class bookings and shopping appointments, and be the first to know about all things Gymshark.
“ Very intuitive navigation, easy access to essential clothing for the gym and beyond. ”
“ I love Gymshark, and the app makes shopping even easier! They often drop exclusive deals or products through the app only. ”
“ Use the app!!! It is so easy and so quick. I 100% recommend the brand and the app. ”
“ Appsolutely amazing! The Gymshark app is one of the best around. Quick, easy and efficient. Love to see it. ”
Shop your fave ’fits on the go, get exclusive one-off drops, and book free fitness classes and shopping appointments at Gymshark Regent St (UK only). It’s the best of Gymshark anytime, anywhere.
There's a better way to train, and it's just an app away. Find home workouts at your fingertips. Personalise your own training plan with moves to suit you. Oh, and it’s 100% free.
The Gymshark App
When we say we’re with you every step of the way on your conditioning journey, we mean it. Introducing: the Gymshark App.
The Gymshark shopping app is the most seamless way to shop Gymshark. Whether you want to cop the latest products, get access to app-exclusive products or save your favourites, our app is the place to do it.
Here's what you can expect:
The latest products: On the Gymshark App, get the latest Gymshark ‘fits, first.
App-only access: Shop one-off, exclusive products and get early access to sales and what’s new.
Quick & secure checkout: Get your favourite ‘fits faster by checking out swiftly and securely with payment options to suit you.
Build your wishlist: Save your most-loved pieces so you can easily view and build your next outfit.
New & notified: The only place you can get notifications for new drops.
Your parcel, your way: Click and collect or have your order delivered to home.
Family perks: Get an early look at the latest product launches and upcoming sales.
SKU: B4C1J-EC8X
e-Gift Card
Viewing 1 - 1 of 1 products
Gift Card
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice will apply to you if you:
have purchased any of our products or services from our Website, App or retail store, or at one of our events or pop-up stores
use any of our Apps
have signed up to receive marketing emails from us
have entered any of our promotions/competitions
attended any of our events
interact with us on social media
This privacy notice will apply to you if you have attended Gymshark's premises including our retail stores, offices or any other physical premises.
This privacy notice will apply to you if you interact with us in any way that is not already covered by one of our other privacy notices. For example, if you:
use our website or links to or follows our social media accounts but does not post comments on our social media
work at a supplier of ours or another organisation that we deal with
are an associate member of our lifting club
are an athlete or influencer that we have a paying relationship with
are a model we engage to fit and showcase our products
are a personal trainer or other who provides us with paid content
are one of our shareholders
are a member of the public who contacts us or anyone else who is affected by our activities to the extent not covered by another of our privacy notices.
This privacy notice will apply to you if you are a resident of the state of California.
Hoodies & Sweatshirts
For wardrobe basics that are anything but basic, finish off your workout fit with our women's gym hoodies and sweatshirts. These ladies’ hoodies are designed for layering up and throwing on, whether for cooler gym commutes or cosy evenings at home. A cute addition to any workout rotation, your sweats have never looked so good.
Lift Pink
Faded Blue
Cinnamon Brown Marl
Conditioning Green
Viewing 1 - 60 of 218 products
Women’s Workout Hoodies & Sweatshirts
A staple of any gym girly, workout hoodies and sweatshirts are *the* understated wardrobe basics. Perfect for layering after a Pilates session or throwing on after cardio for comfort as you cool down, our ladies' hoodies are the ultimate transition piece taking you from the gym, straight onto post-workout plans (with a few added accessories to elevate your fit, of course).
Available in cropped, oversized, and slim silhouettes, you can find a hoodie or sweatshirt to match your style and move with you through your workouts. Whether you prefer a relaxed fit hoodie for lounging on the couch, a cropped sweatshirt to show off your glute gains, or a slim fit, lightweight workout hoodie to avoid distractions while you're deadlifting, sweats are the essential item you can wear all year round.
Whether you prefer hooded or non-hooded sweatshirts, our sweats work for everyone's style, with crew necks, quarter zips, or collared necklines to choose from. Available in a range of different fits and styles, our women's hoodies and training sweatshirts include those made from heavyweight, high-gsm fabrics, and premium 100% cotton for rest days, or lighter, but still warm, cotton blends to wear anywhere and anytime you still need to nail cosy-chic.
With subtle logos for a minimalist, elevated vibe, or a streetwear-inspired graphic, you'll be able to find the perfect sweats for your cozy girl aesthetic. Pair your sweatshirt with biker shorts, crew socks and one of our iconic headbands for an athleisure-inspired uniform or opt for a hoodie matching set with joggers for a cute loungewear outfit.
Whether your plans are on the couch or at the squat rack, they've got to include a hoodie, right?
Adapt has long been every gym girl’s ride-or-die: squat-proof, supportive, stay-put. And new Adapt Fleck by Whitney Simmons is no different. Made for the it girls of the gym world, there’s new colours, there’s new silhouettes, and there’s a new gorgeous all-over fleck pattern for a little added flair. So you can be loudly & proudly you every time you step into the gym.
View All
Whitney x Adapt Collection
Everyday Seamless Collection
The Vital Collection
The Training Collection
Fundamental Sports Bras
The Graphic Collection
A lotta support where you need it. A little flair where you want it. Now live.
Strong fabric
Ribbed waistband
Supportive under bust
ADAPT FLECK, WITH A LITTLE WHITNEY FLAIR
Whit's cooked up some gorgeous new Adapt Fleck styles, and they're FINALLY here.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 203 products
Women's New Releases
Get all the latest women's Gymshark releases in one place. Be a visionary and stay up to date with the most recent additions to our collections of technical and stylish gym clothing. You'll be the first to see our newest lines of women's leggings , sports bras , hoodies , t-shirts and tops and more. Keep your workout wardrobe fresh and get the hottest new releases from Gymshark, as soon as they drop.
Returns Policy
We get it - sometimes something just doesn't work for you and you want to return or exchange. As long as your item(s) were either purchased from, gymshark.com or our Gymshark App, and are still in their original condition, you have up to 30 days to return your item back to us!
Any unwanted product must be returned within 30 days from when your Gymshark order was delivered (if the order was placed online) or was purchased (if you bought the items in one of our stores). Please see the below for any exceptions to this rule:
All Underwear & Swimwear can't be returned for hygiene reasons.
Socks can be returned if they are sealed in their original packaging.
All bottles are non-returnable due to hygiene reasons.
Personalised items can't be returned.
In the US and Canada, items with a final discount of 60% or more are 'Final Sale' and are not eligible for returns, exchanges, refunds, or store credit. These items will be marked ' Final Sale ' on the product page and will be clearly visible at checkout.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To receive a full refund on eligible returns, all items must be returned to us unworn, unused, unwashed and in the same condition you received them. If an item is returned to us damaged, worn, or in an unsuitable condition, we won't be able to give you a refund. All items are inspected on return.
If you purchased items at one of our stores, you must have a valid original receipt or e-receipt. Information relating to returns at our store can be found on our UK Returns Information page .
This can depend on how long it takes your chosen returns courier to get the items back to us before being processed for a return at our warehouse.
To find out how long your return may take, please see HERE .
Keep any proof of return postage receipts as we may need to view these as part of your return query.
We only offer refunds onto the original payment method used to make the order.
For purchases where a gift card is used to cover the full or part of the order total, the refund will be applied to the gift card first.
Refunds can take up to 7 days to be processed from the date we receive your order back to our warehouse. Please note it can take up to an additional 5 days for your refund to appear in your account once processed.
If using a Happy Returns Bar in the US or returning to our Regent Street store, a refund will be immediately processed upon return.
The short answer is, no. Unfortunately, we're currently unable to process combined returns and therefore require you to send your returns from different orders separately.
Furthermore, returns registered separately, even if from the same order, can't be processed if returned in one package.
Combining the returns into the same package my cause an error in your refund, so please package separately.
If you've already sent back multiple returns in one package, please let us know so we can look into this for you. Please retain any proof of return postage receipts as we may need to view these as part of your return query.
Exchanges are currently available on the following stores;
Australia & New Zealand, Canada, Denmark, Europe, France, Finland, Germany & Austria, Netherlands, Sweden, United States, United Kingdom (including at our London Retail Store for purchases bought in store or orders placed on our United Kingdom online site).
Exchanges are currently not available on our Norway, Switzerland and Rest of World stores.
Exchanges via Happy Returns can only be made for a different size of the same item, not a completely different item.
If you opt for an exchange, we're unable to ship out your chosen item until the item you're returning is scanned in at our warehouse. This means we're unable to pre-reserve any item(s) that are chosen for exchange.
If for any reason we're unable to process an exchange, you'll receive an email confirming a refund to your original form of payment. A refund can take up to 5 working days to be processed and returned to your account.
Returns from most* pop-up stores and Gymshark events are accepted under our usual returns policy.
*Please note, store policies do vary where purchases made in some stores are ineligible to be returned online. Please see the individual returns policy for that store via your receipt and/or store signage.
If you're eligible to return an in-store or event purchase online, we'll need you to get in touch with us and provide your e-receipt so we can verify your purchase, open our returns portal and issue a refund*
*Where cash has been used to purchase, items that are eligible for a return can only be refunded with store credit in the form of an e-gift card.
If you paid using debit/credit card, we'll be able to refund onto the original payment method providing you're able to provide proof of purchase. Your e-receipt contains your order number which we'll need to find your order and begin the return process.
FYI; A refund or store credit will be issued once we've received your return back at our warehouse.
For information on what to do with a faulty item, check out our faulty item article HERE .
For information on what to do if you've received an incorrect item, see our incorrect item process HERE .
Duffle Bags
Whether you’re going to your morning workout or travelling for a competition, pack everything you need with our duffle bags, allowing you to carry your gym kit, protein shaker, headphones and more. It goes without saying that our gym duffel bags are built for the gym but they make perfect rest day and weekender bags too with durable fabrics, sleek designs and pockets for *almost* everything.
Black/Brand Blue
Viewing 1 - 34 of 34 products
Gym Duffle Bags
Putting in the work takes preparation, and it starts with packing your gym bag. Our collection of gym duffle bags make gym prep feel as easy as your warm-up set, allowing you to carry everything you need from your water bottle and lifting accessories, to your towel and spare kit.
Stay organised with a choice of zip pockets, slip pockets and even wet kit pockets, there’s a place for almost everything. Our size options span small, medium and large duffel bags, giving you plenty to choose from, so you'll never be left wanting more space. But don’t just take our word for it, as our gym duffle bags are loved by our community for their space, stylish designs and great quality.
Gym bags to weekender bags
For those off duty days, carry everything you need for a weekend away with our travel bags. From your passport and water bottle, to your trusty trainers and of corse your fave pair of leggings. With an abundance of pockets and compartments, you’ll feel as prepped and organized for your travel as you do about your workout plan.
We know those hands are used to heavy lifting, but if it’s not gym day, there’s no reason for testing grip strength – stay comfy as you travel with features such as padded handles and removable shoulder straps that make traveling a breeze. Look out for our smaller weekender bags that are also loved by TikTok for having the optimum size for helping you travel cheap and light.
Effortlessly combining functionality with style, our weekender bags complement any gym or rest day ‘fit. With sleek designs, eye-catching colors and subtle branding, traveling with a Gymshark bag feels *almost* as good as hitting a PB.
Tracksuits
Viewing 1 - 60 of 442 products
Men's Sweatsuits & Tracksuits
Explore our wide range of sweatsuits for men, with a collection of sweatpants and gym hoodies that are perfect to work out in or throw on for a lazy rest day. Our range of full tracksuits include track tops and track pants that will mix 'n' match easily with any of our other collections.
Workout Tshirts | Long Sleeve Workout Tops | Sweatshirts | Gym Hoodies | Sleeveless Gym Tops | Stringers | Gym Tanks | Zip Hoodies | Zip Jackets | Track Tops | Loungewear | Pump Covers
Lifting Equipment
Viewing 1 - 13 of 13 products
Sliders
Slides
Toasted Brown
Off White
Slider Shoes
Slider shoes are the ultimate rest day footwear, whether you're chilling about the house, running errands, sitting back by the pool or want something easy to throw on for those sunny days.
Gymshark slider shoes offer comfort and style. They're designed for those days you want to swap out your trainers for a more relaxed vibe. They've been crafted with a contoured and textured foot bed to ensure all-day support, robust foot strap to help your foot stay in place and a unique sole pattern for extra grip.
Gymshark sliders can be worn with any outfit. For ultra-comfort, pair your sliders with sweatpants and a hoodie . Oversized will give an even cosier touch to your 'fit. On warmer days, effortlessly put your slider shoes with a pair of shorts and your favourite t-shirt .
Gym Accessories | Gym Bags | Gym Hats | Gym Equipment | Underwear | Socks | Men's Sweatpants | Women's Sweatpants | Women's Leggings | Men's Hoodies | Women's Hoodies | Men's T Shirts | Women's T Shirts
Pocket Leggings
Where convenience meets style, our leggings with pockets aren't just practical and high-performance, they're a stylish solution for both gym days and rest days. Designed to keep your essentials close at hand while ensuring you get a flawless fit, our pocket leggings offer functionality and style in one perfect package. Check out our full range of designs below.
Leggings With Pockets
Leggings with Pockets
Our workout leggings with pockets will make keeping your valuables safe when working out easier than ever before. Whether you're lifting or running, our leggings with pockets allow you to keep your phone, headphones and cards safe and within reach between sets or strides. Perfect for the days you want to leave your gym bag at home and travel light.
Designed with aesthetics in mind, the pockets on our pocket leggings have been discreetly placed in the waistband, or on the leg so that the fit remains flattering, sculpting to your body in total comfort.
Easy to style and perfect for rest day too, you’ll love the way our leggings with pockets complement your ‘fit. Whether you’re grabbing a post-run coffee or running errands, you can do it with convenience and style.
All Leggings | High Waisted Leggings | Cropped Leggings | Scrunch Bum Leggings | Seamless Leggings | Camo Seamless Leggings | Black Leggings | Jogger & Sweatpantss | High Waisted Joggers | All Shorts | High Waisted Shorts | Seamless Shorts | Shorts with Pockets | Grey Shorts | Black Shorts
Adapt
Your biggest hype girl for a bicep-poppin’ upper day or a big glute sesh, Adapt will have you looking damn good while you put in the work. New fit, who dis? With squat-proof and sweat-wicking fabrics to support big lifts and physique-accentuating features like THE butt-scrunch, you’ll feel confident going for a PB. Now with Whitney Simmons as Creative Director, your fav collection just got better.
Adapt Fleck x Whitney
Archive Brown/Soft Brown
Barbell Blue/Gentle Blue
Brown
Titanium Blue/Denim Grey
Winning Pink/Sour Pink
Lava | Moss Olive/Core Olive
Weighted Purple/Metal Purple
Victory Green/ Unit Green
Trail Green/Classic Green
Reps Red/Conditioning Red
Reef | Cherry Brown
Depth Purple/ Steel Purple
Modern Blush Pink/Magenta Brown
Pink/Red
— WOMEN’S HEALTH
The Gymshark Adapt Collection
This one's for the tricep-flexing, booty-gains girlies who want to look, and lift, their best. With contouring fits and stay-put waistbands, Adapt keeps you supported through every deadlift, squat, and kettlebell swing.
Lock in and level up with workout gear built for the intensity you bring. Sweat-wicking fabrics keep you cool and dry, while squat-proof, seamless designs let you move without distractions so you can focus on smashing your session.
Get the physique-accentuating fit of dreams with compressive waistbands and our famous butt scrunch, while bold patterns and prints bring that extra hype-girl energy. From our iconic Adapt leggings and shorts, to matching sports bras and shirts, our Adapt collection has everything you need to lift with confidence.
After all, you work hard for it—so why not show it off? Throw on Adapt, and we’ll meet you at the squat rack.
Bodysuits
Our unitards are one-piece wonders that offer unrivalled comfort and sculpted support, so you feel like the IT girl as you crush it in the gym and rep rest day in style. Made for so much more than just working out, bodysuits are the trending item of the season. Helping you to feel confident and empowered, they're worth the hype, but don't just take our word for it.
Cement Brown Spray Dye
Viewing 1 - 32 of 32 products
All In One’s, Unitards and Bodysuits
Crafted for comfort and performance
A workout bodysuit is the gym bestie you never knew you needed. Whatever the pace it’ll match you; sweaty hit circuit? check, big lifting sesh? Absolutely, post workout vinyasa? Of course.
Reveal your inner gym baddie with bodysuits that are built for working out. Features such as built-in-bras give the girls a little extra support, while sweat-wicking fabrics have just enough stretch to give you the freedom and comfort you need to crush your workout.
Reach for your workout bodysuit throughout every season, whether it’s a full length all-in-one for an outdoor bootcamp class and layering in winter, or a short workout romper for those summer cardio sessions.
An everyday staple
The all-around piece you can throw on to elevate your rest day look with ease. Whether it’s a matcha date or a hot girl walk, our unitards and bodysuits pass the fit check with stylish details such as strappy back detailing, v-neck necklines or graphic prints can help you look as good as you feel in and out of the gym.
Get a sculpted fit with snatched bodysuits
We aren’t joking when we say you’ll feel like the IT girl in our snatched bodysuits. Where buttery-soft, yet supportive, fabrics hug you and physique-shaping, contouring and seamless designs accentuate your shape, you won’t want to take it off.
Your companion for whatever is on the agenda, our snatched bodysuits are effortless and easy to style; just slip on with scrunch butt leggings or sweatpants and a BBL jacket and you’ll have the physique-enhancing fit you’ve been dreaming of.
Conditioning Club Tank
Versatile fits & authentic conditioning graphics. Step up your staples with our graphic styles.
• Conditioning Club graphic to the back • Ideal for warming up, working out or rest day • Sleeveless, so nothing’s holding you back
SIZE & FIT • Oversized fit • Model is 6'1" and wears a size M
MATERIALS & CARE • 100% Polyester
SKU: A2B4U-BB2J
Based on 9 reviews
fireinside
Not too long very thin loose fit. Just bought my regular size and was happy with this.
JP
Great fit and cut on these, perfect for lifting days. Bought two.
1-2 of 9 reviews
The Ultimate Guide to the Sled Push
03.18.25
Last Edited 03.17.25
If there’s one piece of gym equipment that’s gone from being the least used piece of equipment to being one of the most in-demand tools on the floor, it’s the sled (AKA the ‘prowler’).
Thanks to the rise of Hyrox , more people are waking up to the fact that the sled push isn’t just a brutal test of strength—it’s a powerhouse exercise for building full-body power, endurance, and athleticism. Whether you're prepping for race day or just looking to add some hybrid-style training to your routine, mastering the sled push can level up your performance like nothing else.
In this guide, we’ll break down the key techniques for an efficient and powerful sled push, the best exercises to build strength and speed, and tactical tips for those taking on the Hyrox sled challenge.
No matter your starting point, there’s always room to improve. Let’s get pushing.
Managed to get a Hyrox place and need some guidance with the training? We’ve got you covered. Access our 10 week Hyrox prep training plans on the Gymshark Training App (and did we mention it’s absolutely free?).
What Is The Sled Push?
The sled push is one of the most effective full-body exercises for building strength, power, and endurance.
It involves driving a weighted sled across a surface—usually turf or rubber flooring—by leaning into it and pushing with your legs in a powerful, controlled motion. Weight plates are added to the sled to increase the resistance–the heavier the load, the more strength and power required to shift it.
Its rise into the mainstream can be largely credited to Hyrox, which features a 50m sled push as the second station. It’s notorious for being one of the most difficult stations, requiring good technique, sheer strength, and mental resilience.
Whether you're an experienced lifter or new to hybrid training we’re here to give you the steps, skills, and techniques to push the sled with power and confidence–and it all starts with the basic steps and technique.
How To Do The Sled Push
The sled push has three main techniques you can use. These are:
The straight-arm technique
The bent arm technique
The full contact technique
The latter of the three is by far the most popular. However, each has benefits and drawbacks, which we will explain. You might choose to use one or all of these techniques on race day, switching between them at set intervals. You should practice each technique during your training so that you know exactly how you will tackle the sled push on race day.
How to do the straight arm sled push technique:
Standing behind the sled with feet shoulder-width apart, hinge at the hips, and place your hands on the upper handles in a neutral grip. Make sure your arms are straight before you start to push the sled.
Keep your arms straight with your elbows locked out, brace your core, and maintain a neutral position with your head. Drive the sled forward by pushing the floor away with the balls of your feet.
Take small, controlled steps to continue moving along the track, trying not to stop (momentum will help you while stopping will mean you have to exert extra energy to get the sled moving again from stationary). If you do have to stop, try to be consistent, e.g., stop halfway for a few seconds, then continue to the end of the track rather than stopping sporadically.
Push the sled until it is entirely behind the 12.5m mark. Then let go, walk around the other side, and take hold of the sled from the opposite end to push it back in the direction you’ve just come.
Then, move away from the sled, and come around the other side. Repeat the same steps, pushing the sled in the opposite direction.
Benefits: Shorter people often find this technique more comfortable and powerful, as they may find they are too low on the poles using a bent arm technique.
Downsides: Maintaining straight arms while pushing the sled can put a lot of strain on the shoulders and lower back. Longer lever arms also potentially reduce the force you can produce to push the sled.
How to do the bent arm sled push technique:
Grip the sled on the upper third of the sled poles.
Lean into the sled, bending your arms to bring your shoulders towards your hands (but not so close that they make contact). Your shoulders should align with your hands, head over the sled, looking down to maintain a neutral spine.
Bracing your core, begin pushing the sled by driving the balls of your feet into the ground.
Take small, controlled steps to continue moving along the track, until the sled until it is entirely behind the 12.5m mark.
Benefits: During this technique, your body is more parallel to the floor, allowing you to put all your weight into the sled for stronger, more powerful pushes. For this reason, competitors often find this position more powerful than the straight-arm position, particularly when pushing heavy loads.
Downsides: Some may find this technique very taxing on the shoulders. It could lead to greater upper-body fatigue.
How to do the full contact sled push technique:
Place your forearms on the upper third of the sled poles, fingers facing down, wrapping your hands around the poles.
Lean into the sled, pushing your shoulders through so your head and shoulders come over the middle of the sled. Put as much weight over the sled as you can.
Keep a neutral spine and a tight core as you drive through the balls of your feet and press into the sled poles to move the sled.
Continuing taking small, controlled steps, along the track until the sled until it is entirely behind the 12.5m mark.
Benefits: This technique maximizes force transfer with direct body contact to enhance power and speed. Many Pros use this option, particularly male competitors who weigh enough to use their body weight against the sled to drive it along. This technique is generally safer than the previous two methods, as the load is distributed across the body, making it suitable for all levels.
Downsides: Shorter people may not have enough leverage to push the sled along using this technique.
How To Train For The Sled Push
So you know how to do the sled (and have some techniques to try). But when adding weight and performing the sled push under fatigue, you must ensure you’re properly prepared.
To improve your sled push and prepare for race day, you’ll want to cover three main factors in your sled push training.
These are:
Building foundational strength (the strength you need to be able to push the sled along)
Training explosive strength (the power needed to drive the sled along faster and with more ease)
Race-specific preparation (practicing using the sled, including compromised training)
We’ll go into each of these in more detail.
A critical training baseline for the sled push machine is first building foundational strength. As the sled is primarily a lower-body exercise , this should focus mainly on the glutes , quads , hamstrings , and calves using single-leg exercises (as you use one leg at a time to drive the sled forward) and compound lifts (that use multiple muscles at once to build overall strength):
Bulgarian split squats target the quads and glutes, which are heavily involved in the sled push. As a unilateral exercise, they also train single leg strength required to propel the sled forward. To keep balanced during Bulgarian split squats, you’ll also need to focus on bracing your core through the whole exercise, which is vital during the sled pull to ensure proper form and prevent strain on the lower back.
How to do Bulgarian split squats:
Select a pair of dumbbells and set your bench to a flat position or select a box that comes up to around knee height.
Stand with the back of your knees against the long side of the bench, then take three steps away from it. Lift one foot and place it onto the bench, with the laces facing down.
Begin the movement by bringing your back knee down until it almost touches the floor. Brace your core throughout, keep your shoulder back and down, and drive your knee out over your toe.
Then, drive through the heel of your front foot, pushing it into the floor, to stand back up.
Tip: Trial a few repetitions without weight first to find the ideal foot positioning for your front leg: when at the bottom of your split squat, your front knee should be bent at 90 degrees, and your butt should come close to the calve of your back leg.
Another unilateral leg exercise that trains the quads, glutes, hamstrings, calves, and core , as well as the hip stabilizers (adductors and abductors), box step-ups involve full hip and knee extension, which is crucial for generating force in each step when pushing the sled.
These can be done bodyweight (but once you are confident with the exercise, we recommend loading these with two dumbbells, kettlebells, or even a barbell. Don’t be afraid to go heavy, as long as you can perform these well and fully extend the hips at the top of each rep.
How to do single-leg box step-ups:
Stand facing a sturdy box or bench that’s about knee height. The feet should be hip-width apart.
Place one foot fully on the box, heel flat, and toes pointing forward. Your other foot stays on the ground.
Press through the heel of the foot on the box, engaging your quads and glutes. Drive your body up until your standing leg is fully extended. The non-working leg should come up naturally to rest on the box next to the working leg but should not push off the ground to get there.
Then, keep the weight on the working leg, lift the other leg off the box, and lower it back to the ground (keep this slow and controlled!).
Once the foot is fully on the floor, lift the other leg off the box and bring it to the ground, returning it to the starting position.
Repeat, lifting the other leg first to step on the box.
Continue alternating legs until you have done 10 to 15 reps on each leg.
Tip: Keep your knees aligned with your toes as you step on and off the box. Be careful not to let your knees cave in. Also, be conscious that your working leg (the first leg that steps up) does all the work for that rep. Squeeze your glutes and core throughout.
While single-leg exercises should be your focus for building strength for the sled push, compound movements also help build overall body strength and stability.
Barbell back squats heavily engage the quads, glutes, and hamstrings, training explosiveness and power to drive out of the hole. They mimic the ‘push off’ motion needed to maintain momentum throughout the sled push. Using a barbell also allows you to lift heavy, maximizing strength gain and power development to prepare you for race day.
How to do barbell back squats:
Set up the barbell in the squat rack, just below shoulder height.
Place your hands on the bar, just outside of shoulder width. Move underneath the bar, resting it on your upper back and placing your feet directly below you, hip-width apart.
Stand fully upright, unracking the bar. Take two steps back and place your feet in your squat stance, feet just outside of hips, toes pointing forward or slightly out.
Take a deep breath into your belly, and squat down, driving your knees out and keeping your chest up.
Lower until your thighs are parallel to the floor (or as close as possible). Pause briefly, then press through your feet to return to standing, squeezing your glutes at the top.
Repeat for the prescribed rep range, then walk the barbell back into the rack to re-rack it.
Tip: Breathing and bracing are very important on back squats (just as they are on the sled push). Before descending, take a deep breath into your stomach, bracing and holding your breath as you lower down. As you ascend, exhale forcefully to help drive you out of the squat's sticking point (the most challenging part).
2. Train For Explosive Strength
In addition to strength-building exercises, you will benefit from including exercises aimed at increasing power generation and explosively, such as plyometric exercises . These will help improve both strength and speed, important during the sled push exercise [1,2]:
Box jumps primarily work the quads, glutes, and calves. They train triple extension (simultaneous extension of the hips, knees, and ankles), a powerful motion essential to propelling the sled forward. Box jumps engage fast-twitch muscle fibers, which are responsible for explosive movements and are heavily required when pushing the sled!
How to do box jumps:
Select a box (the standard height for women is 50cm / 20 inches and 60cm / 24 inches for men, but start with a lower box to build confidence and proper form before progressing to a higher box).
Stand about one foot away from the box with your feet hip-width apart.
Bend your knees slightly and hinge your hips into a quarter squat, swinging your arms behind you. Keep your chest up and your back straight.
Explosively jump upward by driving through your heels, extending your hips, knees, and ankles (triple extension). Swing your arms forward and up to help propel yourself.
Land both feet softly on the box, hip-width apart, with a soft bend in the knee. Both feet should be fully on the box (the heels should not be off the edge of the box).
Fully extend the hips, standing up and squeezing your glutes.
Step down one foot at a time back to the starting position before repeating.
Tip: Be conscious of fully extending your hips at the top of every rep. Don’t rush these, but keep them controlled.
Broad jumps develop horizontal power, mimicking the forward propulsion to push a sled. They also build strength and power in the hips, glutes, and quads, making them a great exercise for developing the sled push.
How to do broad jumps:
Stand with feet hip-width apart and knees slightly bent.
Swing your arms back, bend your knees slightly, and push your hips back. Then, keep your chest up and look ahead of you.
Explosively jump forward as far as possible, pushing through your heels and extending your hips, knees, and ankles, swinging your arms forward as you do so to generate momentum.
Land softly with knees bent to absorb the impact. Make sure your feet are shoulder-width and knees aligned with your toes.
Stand full, reset, and repeat for several reps or a set distance.
Tip : As you get more advanced, progress broad jumps so that you are immediately bound onto the next as soon as you land to improve your rhythm and power further.
3. Race-specific preparation
Of course, if you’re training for a Hyrox, you’ll want to practice some race-specific training.
Ideally, this means practicing pushing a sled. There are two main ways should do this:
Using the sled as a stand-alone exercise is the ideal time to practice your pushing technique, determine which is most comfortable for you, and get used to the weight you’ll be pushing.
Start off light to get the form and technique, and slowly progress up to a weight heavier than your race day weight , using progressive overload to build your weight weekly. The reason for doing this is that the carpet used during Hyrox races can cause drag on the sled, making it feel heavier than it actually is. Also, when you push the sled on race day, you’ll be pushing it under fatigue–again, making it feel harder.
Practicing with a weight greater than your race day weight makes you better prepared and will make it feel a little easier when the clock is on.
There are several ways you can split your sled workout:
By distance (i.e., push the sled for the length of the track or 20m), then rest for 30-60 seconds before repeating 4 to 6 times.
By time (e.g., push the sled for 1 minute, then rest for 30-60 seconds before repeating 4 to 6 times).
Repeat as many times as you want, resting between sets.
You can progress the difficulty by increasing the sled weight, decreasing the rest time and increasing the working time, or increasing the number of rounds.
Practicing the sled on its own is a good tactic, but do not underestimate the necessity of practicing the sled push under fatigue! Pushing the sled when you are fresh is a whole different story from shifting it when you’ve run 2K and ski-ed!
Make things easier for yourself by training under fatigue and practice running compromised before and after your sled push. Do this as soon as possible in your training to prepare for your race.
Can I Train For Sled Push Without A Sled?
If you don’t have a sled, don’t worry: The treadmill can be used as a sled push alternative.
Many newer treadmills have a ‘sled push’ functionality built in. They allow you to set the weight of your ‘sled’, grip the front bar or rail, and use your legs to turn the belt. You can even set an incline to increase the difficulty.
If your treadmill doesn’t have a sled setting, you can still replicate the feeling of a sled push by driving your legs on the treadmill belt when it is turned off. Because the treadmill is not switched on, the belt provides resistance and helps to replicate the feeling of a sled push.
That being said, we advise that you practice using a sled at least once (if not more) before your race to get a feel for the technique and so you can be clear about exactly which one you are using on race day. To do this, drop in at a local Hyrox Training Club before your race day.
Failing this, the Hyrox warm-up area on race day will have sleds available for practice, so if you need to get some pre-race prep in, make sure you arrive early enough to do so.
The ‘push off’ phase, i.e., getting the sled moving, is the most difficult part of the sled push. It requires good strength and power to get the momentum going. It’s often easier to push off with two feet to maximize power and to lean into the sled, putting your whole body behind it and driving the floor away with your feet.
Small, controlled steps will help you maintain momentum and control over the sled. Taking overly long strides could disrupt your balance and limit the force you can push the sled.
Ideally, try not to stop until you’ve crossed the finish line in each 12.5m segment, but If you need to stop, be consistent . If competing solo, go halfway, stop, take a breather, then do it again. If competing in doubles, try to do one length each, or switch halfway (as Hyrox world record holder, Lucy Davis, and her sister Meg Davis do in our Women’s Pro Doubles).
In a Hyrox race you are only about 20% through by the time the sled push comes around. If you go out too fast and gas yourself out, you’ll take more time to recover, which may mean you have to stop more, impacting your overall time. Slower is better.
The floor that you’ll have to push the sled along on race day is notoriously difficult, creating a lot of friction to make the sled feel heavier than it actually is. Prepare for this by practicing with a heavier-weight sled than on race day.
Aside from mastering the sled push to improve your Hyrox race time, there are many benefits to sled push training:
A full-body exercise, the sled push works the quads, glutes, hip flexors, calves, hamstrings, core, triceps,
chest , and shoulders, building strength, power, and endurance in multiple muscles at once.
Promotes high-calorie burn : A 2011 study found that high-intensity sled training significantly increased post-exercise oxygen consumption (EPOC), which leads to greater calorie expenditure during and after the workout [3].
Improves strength : A 2021 study measured significant increases in strength after 6 weeks of sled push training for low-volume, higher-weight sled pushes and high-volume, lower-weight training, demonstrating that either weight variation can improve strength [4].
Increases speed: A 2019 study of 50 high school athletes found that any amount of loaded sled increases sprint performance, with heavy loads pushed short distances producing the greatest increases after 8 weeks of pushing the sled twice a week [5].
Develops explosive power and jumping performance: A 2024 study on male basketball players found that sled pushing twice a week over five weeks improves anaerobic training, particularly horizontal jumping [6]. This sled push could be an important training method for many sports that include sprints, quick changes of direction, or driving into an opponent, such as pickleball, baseball, American football, or mixed martial arts [4].
The sled push is a full-body movement, targeting upper and lower body muscles. That being said, most of the onus is on the legs as the main power-driver in the movement–namely the:
Glutes
Quads
Hamstrings
Calves
The core is also very important during sled pushes, and you must properly brace it to protect the lower back.
The shoulders and triceps are stabilizers during this exercise, helping keep the body steady.
The sled push is comparable to the back squat in the amount of muscle activation in the quads, hamstrings, and core (as proven by a 2014 study on 10 healthy resistance-trained men) but was found to result in greater activation in the calves for the sled push [7].
The Hyrox sled push weight depends on your entry category and gender. The plates are automatically loaded on the sled for you before you reach the station.
The weights for the entry categories are as follows:
Women : 102 kg, including the weight of the sled
Women Pro : 152 kg, including the weight of the sled
Men : 152 kg, including the weight of the sled
Men Pro : 202 kg, including the weight of the sled
Mixed Doubles: 152 kg incl. sled
Women Doubles: 102 kg incl. sled
Men Doubles: 152 kg incl. sled
Relay: 102 kg /152 kg (F/M) incl. sled
The sled push is regarded as one of the most difficult Hyrox stations. The weight can be heavy (particularly if you are entering the Pro division or you are a female entering a doubles race with a male partner, in which case you will have to push the male weight), requiring strong single-leg strength under fatigue.
To make the sled push feel easier, you’ll need to build strength and stamina. This can be done through single-leg and compound exercises, plyometric exercises for explosive strength, and practicing the sled during workouts under fatigue. Work on these skills and practice the sled regularly, building up to using a weight heavier than your race-day weight, and you’ll be much more prepared mentally and physically on the day.
Both the sled push and sled pull use the sled with loading plates to build strength and power. But while the sled push involves propelling the sled forward, the sled pull uses a rope, straps, or belt to pull the sled toward you.
In a Hyrox race, you’ll have to tackle both, with the sled push coming after the second 1K run and the sled pull coming after the third 1K run.
Key differences between the two are:
The sled push relies on a pushing motion, relying on your legs to drive the sled forward. On the other hand, the sled pull requires greater upper body strength to pull the sled toward you.
Due to this, the sled push is more anterior-muscle focused (chest, shoulders, triceps, and core), while the sled pull engages more of the posterior chain (back, biceps, and erector spinae) [8].
In Hyrox, the sled push is heavier than the sled pull. However, you’ll be more fatigued when performing the sled pull, which comes after the sled push (and 3K of running!).
Aim to practice sled pushes once or twice a week (ideally twice if these are your weak points).
Begin by focusing on technique and adjusting to the feeling of pushing the sled before adding it to your workouts and increasing the weight. Ideally, the more training you can do, the better, but always be aware of giving yourself enough recovery between sessions to avoid overtraining. This means spacing your sled push training out by 48 hours.
Time To Get Training
The sled push might seem intimidating at first, but with the right technique, strength training, and smart pacing, there’s no reason you can’t conquer it.
Whether you're adding it to your gym routine or preparing for race day, the key is consistency—both in training and execution. Focus on controlled, powerful strides, maintain your form, and don’t let fatigue dictate your pace.
Stay focused, trust your training, and push through.
From the perfect doubles matching sets to sports bras to withstand every burpee broad jump or shorts flexible enough to move through each lunge, we’ve got the functional fits you need for race d ay.
Pardos-Mainer, E., Lozano, D., Torrontegui-Duarte, M., Cartón-Llorente, A. and Roso-Moliner, A. (2021). Effects of Strength vs. Plyometric Training Programs on Vertical Jumping, Linear Sprint and Change of Direction Speed Performance in Female Soccer Players: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis .
Ramírez-Campillo, R., Andrade, D.C. and Izquierdo, M. (2013). Effects of Plyometric Training Volume and Training Surface on Explosive Strength .
Howard, N. and Stavrianeas, S. (2017). In-Season High-Intensity Interval Training Improves Conditioning In High School Soccer Players .
Bernard, J.R., Liao, Y.-H., Madrigal, C.O., Levesque, J.D., Fraze, M.B., Toro, I.D. and Lee, S. (2021). The Effects of Low Volume Versus High Volume Sled-Push Training on Muscular Adaptation .
Cahill, M.J., Oliver, J.L., Cronin, J.B., Clark, K.P., Cross, M.R. and Lloyd, R.S. (2019). Influence of resisted sled‐push training on the sprint force‐velocity profile of male high school athletes .
Gottlieb, R., Levi, A., Shalom, A., Gonzalez, J.C. and Meckel, Y. (2024). The Use of Sleds as a Unique Training Technique for Anaerobic Performance Development among Young Basketball Players .
Maddigan, M.E., Button, D.C. and Behm, D.G. (2014). Lower-Limb and Trunk Muscle Activation With Back Squats and Weighted Sled Apparatus .
Cahill, M.J., Cronin, J.B., Oliver, J.L., P. Clark, K., Lloyd, R.S. and Cross, M.R. (2019a). Sled Pushing and Pulling to Enhance Speed Capability .
Running Socks
Keep your feet supported and confident through every stride with a pair of our running socks made to take you from marathon to 5k and everything in between. Whether you’re on the treadmill, track or trail, our running socks will be with you every step of the way. Choose from long, short and trainer socks for running.
Our running socks may not be able to do your run for you, but they’ll certainly make you feel that little bit more comfortable.
Crafted with performance in mind to help you push through every mile, our running socks are made from lightweight and breathable birds eye fabrics. A reinforced stretch with the natural contours of your feet ensures maximum comfort inside your running shoes, even when you’re working up a sweat.
With terry-knit heels and toes for extra cushioning, our running socks offer the comfort you need to strive for a new PB, whether you’re training for a marathon or setting off for your first 5K.
Available in an array of colors, designs and lengths, you can find a pair to step and stride in style, knowing you have the support you need to take on your run.
All Accessories | Gym Socks | Quarter Socks | No Show Socks
Ankle Socks
Interval Running: The Ultimate Way To Pick Up Your Pace
01.06.25
Last Edited 01.06.25
Whether you’re a seasoned 5k-er at your weekly run club or you’re training for another marathon, sometimes you get to a point where you feel like you’re struggling to make progress.
You’re still lacing up your shoes, heading out on every run, putting in the effort–but however hard you try you can’t seem to pick up the pace and reduce the minutes on the clock.
If this is the case, it might be time to take a look at your training and make some adjustments. For many of us, the bulk of our runs are steady and continuous . And while these types of runs are great for building stamina and rightly deserve their place in any long-distance running plan, if it’s speed you’re after, then you need to add a little speedwork into the mix, too.
We’re talking about interval running: A proven training method that helps improve your speed across any distance by alternating between running fast for short periods of time and active recovery [1,2]. This method of training is hard, but the reward is worth it.
So, if you’ve heard of interval running before but aren’t sure how to implement it into your training or need a full rundown of the method from start to finish (excuse the pun), we’ve got you covered. We’re going to tell you everything you need to know, along with expert insight and advice from Running Coach and Personal Trainer, Jonny Hammond, who specializes in coaching athletes of all levels preparing for marathons, Ironman’s, and hybrid competitions like Hyrox .
Get ready for the running method that will have you going out hard, recovering fast, and repeating–again and again and again.
Ready to run? From running shirts to chafe-free shorts and leggings - we’ve got the running gear you need to keep the pace up, no matter the weather or how tough the run gets.
What Is Interval Running?
Interval runs are a form of speed work running that involves dividing your run into segments of hard effort with periods of recovery.
FYI: If you’re looking to run faster over a certain distance, you need to include interval runs in your weekly program.
During an interval run, you push yourself to run at a faster pace than you normally would. It feels hard (and it should, as you’ll likely be running in zones 4 or 5), but over time, you’ll adjust to the speed and find you can sustain a faster pace for longer with less fatigue.
“You need to get used to running at a high intensity. This means that when it comes to race day, it’s not going to be such a shock on the body, as you’ve already got used to running at that faster pace.”
Coach Jonny explains, who has helped train clients prepare for long-distance races.
Intervals are beneficial for both beginners and experienced runners. There are a number of structures you can use to perform your intervals, either on the running machine, out on the track, or on the road (more on that later).
Types Of Interval Running Workouts
There are almost an infinite number of ways you can program an interval run, and the interval run workout you choose to do will likely vary week on week. ‘All tempos are suitable for beginners all the way to advanced runners,’ says Jonny, ‘it’s all down to intensity ’–which is manipulated by the following variables:
The distance of the intervals
The duration of intervals
The number of intervals
Simple right? Here’s where things get a little more complicated but bear with us.
First thing’s first: You’ll often see intervals programmed by a ratio (e.g., 1:2). This dictates your work:rest ratio.
Secondly, there are several interval frameworks you can use to program your interval session. On a running program, you’ll often use a combination of interval running frameworks, alternating between different types week on week or every couple of weeks to help you reach your goals.
Sprints involve running hard and fast for a short period, followed by a longer recovery. Sprint intervals are always 200m or less’, says Jonny, ‘with a rest period ranging from 1:1 to 1:2 work-to-ratio, for example, running hard for a minute and resting for a minute.’ These intervals are well suited to building speed, power, and aerobic capacity–plus, they’re easy to understand and program.
If regular sprints become too easy and you want to switch up your workouts, Jonny says that ‘hill sprints are a good way to heighten the intensity of your intervals’.
Also known as ‘threshold training’, tempo intervals involve running constantly at a threshold pace (the pace you would be able to hold for an hour-long race–between 10K and 10-mile race pace for most recreational runners)–alternating between sprints and periods of active recovery. For example, you might do ‘30 seconds at 80% and then 2 minutes at a steady state jog to recover’, says Jonny.
This style of interval will help improve both your endurance and your ability to hold a faster pace for a longer period of time.
Swedish for ‘speed play,’ Fartlek training involves continuous running with varying intervals of speed. This unstructured running interval style involves mixing continuous running with periods of faster running and periods of easy-moderate speed runs. For example, a 1-minute walk, 1-minute jog, 1-minute sprint, and 1-minute jog–then repeat. You could also divide your intervals by landmarks on your run, for example, sprinting to a landmark, e.g., a lamppost, then doing a slower jog to recover to the next landmark.
If you ever did a HIIT workout back in the day, you may have come across Tabata intervals. Studies have shown this method effective in improving VO2 max and anaerobic capacity [3].
These are intervals at a 2:1 ratio of work-to-rest, based on a structure of 4 minutes broken up into 20 seconds max effort, followed by 10 seconds rest, repeated 8 times.
Four minutes may sound like a short amount of time, but it will quickly get you out of breath! To increase the intensity, increase the length of the workout; for example, repeat the intervals for 16 fast bursts, lasting 8 minutes in total.
These intervals work to increase your speed by enhancing stride length, cadence (step frequency), and overall running efficiency. In other words, you go from an easy running pace to an accelerated pace by lengthening your stride for 15 to 30 seconds, then drop your pace to a jog or walk before repeating. Unlike other intervals, the pace interval isn’t a sprint (or a jog)–instead, lying somewhere in between the two, focusing on increasing your speed in a controlled way while concentrating on form.
Strides can be used in the middle of an easy run, helping runners from beginner to intermediate dial in on their form and learn to run faster.
Also known as the ladder workout, pyramid intervals involve increasing the length of your intervals (and reducing the speed) as you move up the pyramid, then gradually decreasing the length of your intervals (and increasing the speed) as you move down the pyramid. For example, a pyramid interval workout might look like this: 400m-800m-1200m-1600m-1200m-800m-400m. Research has found pyramid intervals to be successful at increasing endurance and performance in well-trained endurance runners [4].
How To Do Interval Running
Ok, so you’ve decided on the type of interval running workout you want to do–or you’ve taken the easy option and chosen one from the Gymshark Training App (we wouldn’t blame you… why do the programming yourself when one of our Lifting Club coaches could do it for you?).
Whatever interval run you are following, you should set your interval run workout out like this:
Interval runs are hard, so it is very important to warm up properly to raise your heart rate and hit your target pace from the outset. Start with a light jog for 10 minutes to raise your heart rate. Then, perform some dynamic stretches to loosen and activate your muscles, such as lunges, pogo jumps, and high knees.
Try: 6 Stretches Every Runner Should Be Doing To Avoid Injury
Now it’s time to begin your interval run: First up, work intervals. These are your fast-paced , hard intervals . Jonny’s best advice when it comes to interval training and getting in the red zone is to ‘full send it: If it says red zone on your program, get in the red zone! This will not feel easy, but you have to push yourself.’
It’s common for the first interval to feel harder or slower due to the increase in oxygen demand, but as your heart rate acclimatizes, you should settle into the pace fairly soon (particularly if you have good cardio fitness). Don’t be afraid to push yourself hard on these–but also focus on being consistent for the duration of your intervals (i.e., don’t go out too hot!). If you feel good, you can increase the speed of the final interval.
These are your slower recovery periods between your working intervals. The purpose of these intervals is to lower your heart rate and oxygen consumption rate, allowing you to maintain your running for longer. Your recovery interval might be a walk or a light jog. Don’t be afraid to go slow–even if it feels difficult! The slower, the better.
Once you have finished your interval run workout, take some time to cool down to allow your heart rate to lower gradually. This should be an easy effort jog for 5 or 10 minutes.
What Should I Do In Between Work Intervals?
There are a few different approaches to recovery periods. These are:
Stopping entirely is not the recommended interval rest period–however, if you’re doing very fast, intense intervals and only have a short rest period, you may, at times, need to stop and catch your breath before starting the next interval.
This method is best for short intervals, working on your top speed when you require full phosphocreatine stores (the energy that fuels short bursts of intense effort) to help you push to your best effort. ‘If you’re a beginner, this might be a suitable recovery interval, allowing you to catch your breath while while the muscles’ supply of phosphocreatine replenishes’.
‘If you’re an intermediate to advanced runner, I will almost always program an active recovery interval, such a jog’, shares Jonny. However, you still need to take the jog slowly . Jogging allows the heart rate to lower slightly while keeping the blood flowing through your legs, making the start of the next interval slightly less jarring than if you simply walked or stopped completely.
This is a more advanced rest interval technique commonly used by marathon and half-marathon runners. Float recoveries involve running your pace interval faster than the threshold pace (between a 10K and half-marathon pace) and recovering with a pace slightly slower than the threshold.
Using this interval run technique, your heart rate remains higher as the recovery is much faster than a regular interval run. This teaches your body to quickly move lactate out of the muscles and into the bloodstream, where it can be reused as fuel, helping you run at a more efficient pace.
This method is best for those who have already built up their running economy. Float recoveries are hard, and if you try them too soon, you might end up running at a steady pace the whole workout rather than floating intervals. When starting this method, you could always mix some walking and running recovery intervals into your run.
Interval Running Tips From A Coach
Running coach, Jonny Hammond, shares some of his top tips for interval runs:
Always warm up properly: To reduce the risk of injury, prepare your cardiovascular system, and increase blood flow to the muscles, make sure you take sufficient time at the start of your session to warm up.
Choose your setting carefully: If you’re a beginner, running on a treadmill makes it much easier to track your intervals and switch between rest and recovery. Running your intervals on the road takes a bit more planning, and you don’t have as much control over the incline.
Progressive overload: Just like strength training , you need to increase the challenge on your body each week to avoid plateauing. Make sure you increase the intensity of your sessions slightly each week. This could be done by increasing the duration of the work interval, decreasing the rest interval, increasing the number of intervals, or increasing your sprint speed.
Don’t overdo it: Always follow the 80/20 rule, where 80% of your weekly training volume is
zone 2 and only 20% is interval running. Always program a deload week every 6 to 8 weeks, reducing the volume by 50% or more to allow your body to recover.
Fuel and hydrate properly: Eat a small meal or snack with carbohydrates and a little
protein 1-2 hours before your interval workout. Hydrate well throughout the day (and have an electrolyte drink if you need one). After your interval run, consume a combination of protein and carbohydrates to replenish energy and repair muscle tissue.
Alternating between bursts of high-intensity work and recovery periods challenges the heart and lunges to work harder. This leads to improved heart efficiency and lung capacity, improving your aerobic fitness. Research supports this, finding interval training to be better at increasing VO2 max compared to long, slow distance running or lactate-threshold training [5]. A recent study found that improvements in VO2 max from interval running could be made even when runners only pushed to 80% max effort in sprints [6].
If you’ve been running for a while, you might notice your progress begins to plateau as your body adjusts to training. Incorporating interval running into your workouts can be a game-changer, putting your body under a new stress that it isn’t used to. This is true not only for beginners but also for more experienced runners, with a 2021 study finding that short intervals of 200 to 1000m improved running performance in highly trained runners [7].
Want to run better? Interval running can help!
Running economy is a measure of how efficiently your body uses energy when you run–the better your running economy, the less energy (or oxygen) you need to run at a certain speed [8]. Numerous studies have pointed to the effectiveness of interval running in improving running economy due to the improvements in aerobic fitness and form and technique (particularly from stride intervals that focus on posture, stride length, and cadence) [9].
Interval running recruits fast-twitch muscle fibers (known as type II), which are built for short, powerful bursts of energy. Activating these muscle fibers more frequently, such as during interval training, can increase their strength, helping you push the pace on shorter distances or even power through the last few miles of a marathon once your slow-twitch muscle fibers have depleted [10].
Looking to burn more calories in less time? Thanks to the ‘afterburn effect’ (or excess post-exercise oxygen consumption (EPOC) , interval running means your body continues to burn calories even once you’ve stopped exercising, as it uses oxygen to restore the body to a pre-workout state [11].
A 2014 study supports this, finding that men burned as many calories over 24 hours from a 20-minute HIIT workout as cycling for 50 minutes at a steady pace [12].
Pushing yourself to run faster for short bursts of time spurs the release of endorphins, giving you that euphoric ‘runners high’ and helping to reduce anxiety [13].
Interval Running Workout Examples
If you’re new to interval running, the key is not to overcomplicate your interval running workouts. For example, picking a sprint interval would see you run hard for a specific amount of time (or distance), and pair it with a recovery period, such as a walk, to allow you to catch your breathe and reduce your heart rate. For example:
Warm-Up : 10-15 minutes of easy jogging, followed by dynamic stretches.
Intervals : 1-minute run, 1-minute brisk walk. Repeat for 6-10 intervals (depending on your training level).
Cool-Down : 10-15 minutes of easy jogging, followed by static stretches.
A popular interval method used for training for longer distance races such as marathons is Yasso 800s. This interval run workout helps runners become better at pacing themselves as they run 800m intervals at a pace close to their goal marathon pace.
Yasso 800s interval run looks like this:
Intervals : Run 800 meters (2 laps around a track) at your target race pace (e.g., 3 minutes for a 3-hour marathon goal). Jog or walk for a set recovery time (usually 400 meters or about 2-3 minutes). Repeat for 6-10 intervals (depending on your training level).
There are three main places you can do your interval runs:
Treadmill intervals : This is a good option for beginners, so you can set the speed of the belt, making it easy to control your intervals. It’s also easy to set inclines if you are incorporating hill intervals into your training. If you’ve never done intervals on the treadmill before, Jonny recommends practicing jumping on and off the treadmill at speed first. Jumping off the belt onto the side of the machine can be quite difficult at speed, so make sure you’re confident doing this before you hit your fastest sprints!
Track intervals: If you’d prefer to head outdoors, a running track is a great place to perform interval runs. Running tracks are usually 400m long, making it easy to perform distance-based intervals on a track. The flat, cushioned surface also helps reduce impact on joints.
Road/Trial intervals: This is the hardest setting to use for interval running, but that’s not to say it can’t be done. You should use a smartwatch or phone to track your distance, pace, or time of your intervals. Ideally, you should monitor your heart rate using a smartwatch or heart rate monitor to ensure you are running in the right heart rate zone (or, if not, ensure you are in tune with how you should feel during your work and recovery intervals).
Making sure you’re fuelled and hydrated sufficiently before your session is essential. You should consume the following before your interval session:
Slow-release carbs: Carbohydrates are the body’s primary energy source during intensity training. Focus on slow-release carbs that break down slowly and provide a sustained release of energy over time, such as oats, whole-grain toast, and sweet potatoes. If eating your slow-release carbs as part of a meal, make sure to leave at least two hours before your interval run. If you have less than two hours, eat a smaller snack.
Hydration: Proper hydration before your interval session is essential for maintaining peak performance, preventing muscle cramps, regulating body temperature, and reducing DOMS. Drink water throughout the day and consume about 200-300ml about 30 minutes before your interval run. You could also consider drinking electrolytes if you’re going on a longer run or it is a hot day to replenish sodium, potassium, and other minerals lost through sweat.
You should avoid eating high-fat foods or excessive protein before your interval run, as these can be slow to digest and might not provide the quick energy needed for interval running.
Moisture-wicking T-shirt : With sweat-wicking capabilities, perforated fabrics, and a near-weightless fit, moisture-wicking T-shirts will keep you cool and comfortable during the hardest interval.
High-impact sports bra : Our high-impact sports bra offers support during intense interval training, keeping everything secure and minimizing any bounce.
Compression leggings : If you experience cramps, muscle soreness, or shin splints, compression leggings or socks can help reduce muscle fatigue and improve circulation, especially during fast-paced intervals.
Reflective running gear : If you’re running in the dark, you’ll want to invest in some reflective running gear. With panels or patterns made from retro-reflective fabrics in areas where you move the most, our reflective running gear will make you visible in the darkest conditions.
Carbon-plated shoes: Keen to wear your brightest color of carbon-plated shoes? Interval running is the time to do so. The carbon plate acts like a spring, providing a rebound effect to propel you forward. If you’re planning on wearing your shiny-new carbon-plated trainers on marathon day, testing them out and wearing them during your interval sessions is an ideal time to do so.
Running hard, fast intervals is taxing on the body. For that reason, you shouldn’t do interval runs too often.
‘You should always follow the 80/20 rule,’ says Jonny, ‘with 80% of your training in zone 2 and 20% in the red zone. My clients on purely running-focused plans (for example, those who are training for a specific running race) will do four easy runs and two interval runs per week. Those on a hybrid plan (for example, those training for a Hyrox) do one longer steady state run and one interval session mid-week.’
With interval running, less is often more. Because of the intensity of the session, you don’t want to overtrain, as this could lead to fatigue and decreased performance.
‘I always program a deload week for my clients every 4 to 6 weeks. This is where I reduce the volume by 50% or more to allow them to recover and prevent injury. By taking one step back, you actually take another big step forward in terms of recovery and performance.’
This will depend on the length of the interval and be relative to your running experience. Shorter intervals will be faster (with a longer recovery), and longer intervals will be slightly slower (with a shorter recovery).
This is a rough idea of how much you should push yourself during each interval:
10 seconds to 1-minute interval: Effort should feel 9 out of 10
1 to 3-minute intervals: Effort should feel 8 out of 10
3 minutes+ intervals: Effort should be around 7 out of 10
You don’t want to push yourself so hard that you feel out of control, but you do need to push yourself somewhat during your workout intervals, aiming to run faster than your comfortable pace.
One isn’t better than the other, and it is best to actually use both methods in your running workouts.
Continuous zone 2 / zone 3 runs fire up the slow-twitch muscle fibers, allowing you to run for longer. Intervals, on the other hand, activate the fast-twitch muscle fibers, helping you run faster.
For long-distance runners, steady-state continuous runs are a vital element of their training plan to help build endurance over distances, but interval training still plays a part. A 2022 systematic review concluded that for middle—to long-distance runners, a combination of high-volume, low-intensity training (70% or more of training volume) and low-volume threshold/high-intensity interval training (30% or less of training volume) was optimal [14].
For short-distance runners/sprinters, interval runs are vital to improving speed, working the fast twitch muscle fibers to make the runner more powerful and explosive (A 2020 study supports this, finding after 8 weeks, the group that performed sprint intervals three times a week made greater improvements in sprint performance compared to those who performing continuous runs three times a week) [15]. However, because interval running is so fatiguing, continuous runs provide a way to continue to build VO2 max, running capacity, and aerobic fitness without overtaxing the body.
Whatever your goal, you should program 80% of your runs to be continuous runs and 20% to be speedwork intervals.
Learn To Run Faster, By Running Faster
If you think intervals are easy, think again. In order to get something out of interval training, you need to push yourself hard. Pushing yourself into your max effort is uncomfortable–in fact, hybrid trainer Lucy Davis goes as far as to say that she often dreads her interval runs. But with interval running, you will really get out what you put in.
According to Jonny, “Every fit and healthy individual should be doing interval training–whether you’re a beginner or an advanced athlete.” Not only do they help towards the 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity exercise outlined in the Physical Activity Guidelines ( WHO ), but they’re great for improving your cardio fitness and speed. By pushing yourself to run at a faster pace than you normally would for a short period of time, you’ll gradually be able to sustain the pace for longer with less fatigue–helping you to ultimately run faster.
Whatever your goal, whatever your distance, interval running could be the key to accelerating the pace of your runs.
Just a heads up: Interval running is an intense form of physical activity that puts a lot of strain on the body. If you have any health concerns, you should always consult a health professional before doing interval running.
Run faster, recover better, and feel stronger: The Gymshark Training app has everything you need to help you perform better. From running warm-ups to guided interval runs and lower body strength sessions–access everything you need to help you level up your running for free.
Thirumurugan, M.S., Sivagnanam, D.P. and Arumugam, S. (2018). Sprint Interval Training Improves Speed and Explosive Power Among Athletes .
Koral, J., Oranchuk, D.J., Herrera, R. and Millet, G.Y. (2017). Six Sessions of Sprint Interval Training improves running performance in trained athletes .
Talisa Emberts, Porcari, J., Dobers-tein, S., Steffen, J. and Foster, C. (2013). Exercise Intensity and Energy Expenditure of a Tabata Workout .
Filipas, L., Bonato, M., Gallo, G. and Codella, R. (2021). Effects of 16 weeks of pyramidal and polarized training intensity distributions in well‐trained endurance runners .
Helgerud, J., Hoydal, K., Wang, E., Karlsen, T., Berg, P., Bjerkaas, M., Simonsen, T., Helgesen, C., Hjorth, N., Bach, R. And Hoff, J. (2007). Aerobic high-intensity intervals improve VO2max more than moderate training .
Skovgaard, C., Christiansen, D., Martínez-Rodríguez, A. and Bangsbo, J. (2023). Similar improvements in 5-km performance and maximal oxygen uptake with submaximal and maximal 10-20-30 training in runners, but increase in muscle oxidative phosphorylation occur only with maximal effort training .
Casado, A., Hanley, B., Santos-Concejero, J. and Ruiz-Pérez, L.M. (2019). World-class long-distance running performances are best predicted by volume of easy runs and deliberate practice of short-interval and tempo runs .
Barnes, K.R. and Kilding, A.E. (2015). Running economy: measurement, norms, and Determining Factors .
Barnes, K.R., Hopkins, W.G., McGuigan, M.R. and Kilding, A.E. (2013). Effects of Different Uphill Interval-Training Programs on Running Economy and Performance .
JANSSON, E., ESBJÖRNSSON, M., HOLM, I. and JACOBS, I. (1990). Increase in the proportion of fast-twitch muscle fibres by sprint training in males .
Laforgia, J., Withers, R.T. and Gore, C.J. (2006). Effects of exercise intensity and duration on the excess post-exercise oxygen consumption .
Skelly, L.E., Andrews, P.C., Gillen, J.B., Martin, B.J., Percival, M.E. and Gibala, M.J. (2014). High-intensity interval exercise induces 24-h energy expenditure similar to traditional endurance exercise despite reduced time commitment .
Marlina, L., Purba, A., Pandia, V., Adiwinata, M., Harahap, N. and Womsiwor, D. (2023). Differences Interval Training and Continuous Training on Endorphin Level and Anxiety Degrees in SECABA Rindam III Siliwangi Student Soldiers with Moderate Anxiety .
Campos, Y., Casado, A., Vieira, J.G., Guimarães, M., Sant’Ana, L., Leitão, L., da Silva, S.F., Silva Marques de Azevedo, P.H., Vianna, J. and Domínguez, R. (2021). Training-intensity Distribution on Middle- and Long-distance Runners: A Systematic Review .
Litleskare, S., Enoksen, E., Sandvei, M., Støen, L., Stensrud, T., Johansen, E. and Jensen, J. (2020). Sprint Interval Running and Continuous Running Produce Training Specific Adaptations, Despite a Similar Improvement of Aerobic Endurance Capacity—A Randomized Trial of Healthy Adults .
Enjoy a style personal best for every workout with our men's workout tops, designed for high fitness performance and to give you the confidence to feel as good as you look. Our workout shirts ensure a flawless fit in a range of on-trend cuts, colours and designs to suit every shape and need. With sweat-wicking and breathable fabrics, you'll be perfectly-equipped to smash every workout.
Classic Blue/Success Blue
SEAMLESS TEES
No seams, no excuses: Tees so good your spotter adds another plate.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 396 products
Men's Gym T-Shirts & Tops
Men's Workout Shirts
The best gym tops let you focus on your training and keep your workout free from restrictions. Our collection of workout shirts for men combine physique accentuating designs with functional materials, for a gym t-shirt that will have you feeling your best and ready to take on even the most intense of workouts.
Whatever your chosen workout, with our range of collections, you can choose the fit and style that makes you feel unstoppable. From Arrival and Crest, which are staples for your gym wardrobe and perfect for beginners, to Apex which designed to support you for maximum performance. For those who love to lift, Legacy and Power will be your new go-to’s, combining shape enhancing designs with comfort. Or, for an edgy style that can be worn from the gym to post-workout plans, Bold and Vibes offer graphics and style detailing that you’d be proud to rock wherever the day takes you.
Pair your workout shirt with a pair of shorts or joggers , and pop a hoodie over the top and you have the completed look.
A long sleeve gym t-shirt should be your go to when you're trying to stay warm or get a sweat on during a workout. Let our collection of long sleeve gym t-shirts keep you comfortable, even when your training's not. With Gymshark's DRY technology, our men's gym tops wick sweat away from your skin to reduce irritation and encourage performance. With physique enhancing fits available in a variety of striking colours; any of our long sleeve gym t-shirts will be the perfect addition to your weekly gym wear rotation.
Men's gym shirts that are engineered for performance, whilst never compromising in style. Here to keep you cool all year round; our collection of short-sleeve gym t-shirts are available in a range of breathable materials and sweat wicking fabrics to reduce discomfort when working out.
For ultimate breathability there is no beating a sleeveless workout shirt. Available in a range of fits - including Stringers, Tanks and Sleeveless Tops, our collection of men's sleeveless gym tops provide the best foundation for the days you need to go forth and lift heavy. Explore a range of looks that include tapered and oversized fits, from the old school bodybuilding era to the new wave of lifters.
Show off the muscles you work so hard for with our collection of muscle fit t-shirts. Designed to accentuate the physique, so you can feel your best no matter the workout. Available in a range of colours, sized and materials, there is a muscle fit t-shirt for everyone.
A staple piece in any wardrobe, whether it’s for gym days or rest days, our oversized t-shirts combine premium materials with a relaxed fit for a look you can rock in the gym and out and about.
When it comes to picking out your gym or workout t-shirt, there a range of things you might consider; style, fit, materials, functionality. We will share a couple of areas you might want to consider when shopping for a gym top.
Whether you opt for a tight or loose workout t-shirt largely depends on what helps you feel your best. Tighter shirts will sit tighter against the body, usually accentuating your physique, you may like this look or you may prefer a looser fit that doesn’t sit as tightly. Tighter gym tops can also help to limit distractions, as the material sits against your skin, so you avoid it gathering or bunching as you move. However looser fit workout t-shirts can offer a little more airflow because of the gap between your skin and the fabric. So, it really is down to your preference.
Across our range of workout tops for men, you can find a variety of fabrics and blends, each designed to enhance comfort and performance for different activities. Which one is best for you depends largely on the type of workout you are doing and what you want from your gym top. Cotton is well-known for being soft and comfortable, perfect for wearing in the gym to post-workout plans. Whereas synthetic materials such as Polyester or Nylon can provide a range of benefits when working out that help to keep you cool and comfortable throughout your workout. These can include sweat wicking features that help to draw moisture away from the skin, or improved stretch which moves with you through every push, pull and squat. Keeping you cool, dry and comfortable.
Whilst you can wear a normal t-shirt to the gym, you will find increased comfort with a workout or gym t-shirt because they are designed to keep you cool and dry as well as support movement. This means you will have less unwanted distractions, so you can keep focused on the workout ahead and achieving the next PB. Plus, physique enhancing designs help you feeling confident and ready to step up to the bar. With a range of affordable workout t-shirts on offer, you can enjoy the performance that comes with comfort at minimal cost.
Say hello to the women’s running clothes that help you go the extra mile. Whether you’re working your way up to a 5k or beating a PB, technical features such as sweat-wicking fabrics and discreet pockets help you tackle your run distraction-free, so you can focus on performance and look great doing it. Shop women’s running gear in a range of colors and styles and turn heads in our running outfits.
Force Green
Viewing 1 - 35 of 35 products
Women’s running clothes & running apparel
Feel supported every step of the way with our women’s running clothes. No matter where you’re at in your running journey, our collection of women’s running gear will have everything you need to hit your running goals comfortably and confidently.
Rain or shine, day or night, you can brave the sidewalks whatever the weather with features such as reflective logos for added visibility, funnel necks and sleeve holes for warmth, and a range of options for easy layering to prepare you for any running scenario. Stay cool and dry when clocking up miles with sweat-wicking, breathable material and soft-yet-stretchy fabrics for running apparel that’s made for unrestricted movement through each stride.
The right gear can boost your comfort, motivation, and, most importantly, your race time. That’s why over on Gymshark Central , we’ve rounded up the best outfits for long-distance runs, slow jogs, and sprints – so you’re all set to feel unstoppable, from training miles to personal bests.
Whether on your morning run jog to your afternoon coffee run, body contouring and on-trend designs at the heart of on our running clothes offers a sleek look you’ll be proud to rep out on the trails or the treadmill.
For expert tips, stories, and training insights to keep you motivated and ready for your next run, visit Gymshark Central.
Our collection of running gear includes both running clothes and running accessories, perfect for summer, winter and every season in between. So, grab the full set for a fresh yet functional running outfit.
Crew Socks
Step up to the bar with our collection of crew socks. Crafted for comfort with cushioning and support, our crew socks will keep you feeling fresh whether you'fre working out or chilling out. Level up your athleisure look with our iconic crew socks, choose from staples such as the classic white or black, or make a statement with pastels and bright colours.
Brick Brown/Muted Pink
Cream Beige/Soft White
Viewing 1 - 50 of 50 products
Crew socks that look good whether you're in the gym or out and about. Perfect for everyday wear or as part of your gym outfit, our Crew Socks provide a classic look.
Designed to fit snug to your foot, the Gymshark Crew socks provide you with maximum comfort, cushioning and support during your workout.
With white crew socks, black crew socks and a number of other colour options available, you'll find an option to go with every outfit.
Shop our best selling Crew Socks for men and women today. All Accessories | Gym Headwear | Gym Beanies | Gym Caps | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | All Bags | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
How To Style Your Bodysuit | 5 Bodysuit Outfit Ideas For Summer
05.05.25
Last Edited 05.04.25
A bodysuit is a stylish base for any outfit. There’s something about the way the sleek, form-fitting design that levels up a fit - effortlessly taking it from casual basics to quiet luxury.
Easy to style and so versatile, there’s a reason they’re so popular. Whether you’re new to bodysuits, thinking of trying one out, or looking for fresh ways to style yours, you’re in the right place as we give you the lowdown on all things bodysuits - from different types to how to style them. As well as answering all the nitty gritty questions you want to know, like: should you wear underwear underneath a bodysuit, and are they actually comfortable? 👀
We’re proud bodysuit stans, and if you’re not yet, you just might be by the time you’re done reading.
Different types of bodysuits
The OG bodysuit is a timeless staple - and chances are you might even already have one tucked away in your wardrobe. Typically a one-piece garment, a bodysuit covers the torso and crotch, it has a similar shape to a swimsuit but is designed to be worn in the way you would a regular top. While some bodysuits have a continuous loop of fabric that requires stepping into when putting them on, most will have snap buttons or hooks at the crotch for ease of wear. These also make them easier to remove without having to take off your entire outfit (girlies, IYKYK).
The humble bodysuit is usually crafted with fabrics such as nylon or cotton blends, which give extra stretch for a super snug, body-hugging fit. And thanks to to its close fit, you'll find they sit flawlessly under pants for a smooth top and balanced outfit proportions.
Now let’s talk sleeves and necklines. From square neck to halter neck, sleeveless to long sleeves, strappy details to full coverage, bodysuits boast options for any look making them a super versatile addition to any wardrobe.
As the name suggests, an all-in-one covers the torso and the legs, to serve as both a top and a pair of leggings.
Offering the same second-skin fit as a bodysuit but extending into a full-body piece, all-in-ones often come in two variations: a romper (featuring shorter bottoms typically stopping mid-thigh), or unitards (featuring full-length leggings). Unlike bodysuits, all-in-ones don’t feature snap closures as they’re designed to be pulled on and off as a single piece (which unfortunately means there’s no avoiding those humbling bathroom trips).
A form of all-in-one, unitards tend to be what comes to mind when you picture pilates fits or dancewear. Sitting close to the body for a snug fit and a little physique accentuation, unitards are typically full-length on the legs and also come in a variety of design features; from short and long sleeves, to delicate strappy detailing, square necks and even open-back designs.
A shorter take on the all-in-one, rompers come in two styles: athleisure rompers will have fitted shorts (like a shorter pair of cycling shorts) whereas lifestyle rompers will boast loose, flowy shorts that resemble a dress. This makes them perfect for every occasion: throw on and wear alone for running errands or working out, or style up for dinner plans by adding sandals or heels, and accessorizing with jewelry and a cute bag.
5 Bodysuit Outfit Ideas
Every gym girl knows that contouring fits are your biggest hype girl. When you feel your best, you perform your best (it’s basically science), and that’s why bodysuits are so popular in the gym. Where supportive designs meet compressive fits, a bodysuit helps bring that big lift energy to your gym outfit .
The TikTok girlies swear by open-back bodysuits for back day , and we wholeheartedly agree. There’s nothing quite like the way open-back styles highlight and emphasise the back gains, while the overall compressive fit showcases the physique.
Luckily, styling the unitard and bodysuit for the gym requires very little effort. For winter workouts, throw on a sweater or cropped hoodie to keep out the chill as you travel to and from the gym, or wear with an oversized tee for a little extra coverage without compromising on style.
In the summer, you might want to wear your bodysuit or romper alone, giving features like strappy detailing and compressive fits their moment. Pair them with crew socks and chunky trainers, throw your gym bag over your shoulder, and you’re good to go!
For The Studio
Whether it’s morning vinyasas or a Pilates princess moment, wearing a bodysuit for your studio class is becoming a trend that we can get behind. Sitting close to the body, and crafted with soft and stretchy fabrics that move with you, there’s no top gaping or bunching, no waistbands rolling down or digging in, and definitely no re-adjusting mid-pose as the full-body fit keeps everything in place as you move through your flow.
For the balletcore fit of dreams, pair your OG bodysuit with a flowy skort , or wear your unitard alone with a wrap top, choose light and airy colors (pink preferred) and level up the look with accessories such as long scrunch socks. Bonus points for a bun topped with a scrunchie !
Big lifts or big plans? Jeans and a bodysuit are two humble everyday staples that combine to create a ‘fit that will literally go with any plan; brunch, shopping, dinner, you name it.
With the resurgence of all things Y2K, low-rise jeans are back on our radar, and we’d be lying if we said they weren’t the perfect counterpart to a high-cut bodysuit for an easy weekend outfit. We love the way the body-hugging top balances out the baggy, low-rise jeans for a complete and balanced look.
To elevate the look even further, throw on a knitted cardigan for an extra layer and pop of colour, then add chunky earrings and a shoulder bag. Finally, top with shoes that suit the occasion: flat trainers, loafers, boots, or even heels.
There aren’t many pairings that go together as well as baggy sweats and bodysuits do. Adding a quality bodysuit to your sweat set is the easiest way to elevate your rest day fit from just casual to casual-chic.
Wear your bodysuit with matching baggy sweats. We’re talking both oversized sweatpants and a zip hoodie (make the hoodie cropped and chefs kiss *),* and in the summer, switch the joggers out for long sweat shorts instead*.* Match the set or switch up the colour of the bodysuit for a little contrast, breaking up the intensity of the colour for a look that’s a little more low-key.
Accessorize with crew socks, chunky trainers, and a hair tie for a minimal-effort yet well-styled look.
Preppy styles have dominated fashion for the past few years, and honestly, we’re not surprised as this look never really goes out of fashion. Slip a midi skirt over your bodysuit, an oversized blazer over your shoulders and pop on loafers with socks before grabbing a mini handbag to complete the look. For a little extra oomph (it is date night after all), swap out the loafers for heels and head out!
Bodysuits are generally designed with soft, stretchy fabrics, so most people find them comfy enough. But we know what you’re thinking, and if you’re worried about things feeling a little too tight and the bodysuit digging in down there (girl, we’ve been there) we’d recommend you check sizing (as a little too tight can make a big difference in this department) or trying an all-in-one instead for a seamless, fuss-free fit.
Bodysuits and shapewear have similar silhouettes, but are distinctly different in purpose. Shapewear is designed to enhance the wearer's shape while remaining undetectable under clothing, which is why they have subtle designs and come in either neutral or skin-tone shades. As they’re meant to be worn as undergarments, you’ll often find extra support, such as bras and targeted compression, built in.
A generic bodysuit, however, is a piece of clothing designed to be worn over underwear or shapewear as an alternative to a regular top. It is often made with style in mind, with design features such as square necks, open backs, and strappy details for a look you’ll want to show off.
That being said, the lines between the two become increasingly blurred, with many girls opting to wear undergarment bodysuits as standalone tops due to their sleek, physique-accentuating properties.
For a regular bodysuit, absolutely! Whether it’s an OG bodysuit or an all-in-one, underwear provides a hygienic layer that also offers some protection from the fabric of the product I know we said the fit is like a swimsuit, but this doesn’t mean commando is the go-to.
However, if you’re wearing a shapewear bodysuit, we’ll make an exception to the rule. As these undergarments are designed to sit flush under your clothes, you actually might want to skip the underwear here.
A bodysuit for every occasion
From sleek OG bodysuits to seamless all-in-ones, bodysuits are versatile staples that we think belong in every wardrobe. Whether you’re slipping into a unitard for Pilates, pairing a bodysuit with baggy sweats for an off-duty vibe, or leveling up a date night fit, there’s a way to make them work for every style. We hope you’re feeling inspired to give them a go!
Leggings
Step into confidence and feel ready to push yourself to new heights with our workout and gym leggings. Physique-enhancing, sweat-wicking and ultra-comfortable, our leggings will have you feeling just as good on rest days as you do in the gym. Choose from our range of colours, styles, cuts and waistlines, and enjoy performance gym leggings that offer support and effortless style.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 232 products
Women's Gym Leggings & Workout Leggings
Our women's gym leggings are designed to make you feel your most confident and help you push to your maximum. Made with the latest technology and breathable, sweat-wicking materials, our gym leggings have comfort covered - no matter how intense the workout.
With a range of cuts and colorways available, our high-quality workout leggings will inspire you to perform at your best. Not sure which pair to choose for your next workout? From lightweight and breathable leggings perfect for running, to thick, squatproof leggings for lifting, our blog 'The Best Workout Leggings' has the recommendations to help you find your perfect pair.
- Material – regular leggings tend to be made from a thinner cotton material, whereas gym leggings are made from thicker, more elastic materials that help absorb sweat and moisture.
- Fit – gym leggings are designed to mould to your silhouette and not interfere with your movement or stretching. Regular leggings tend to be a looser fit and can sometimes go baggy with lots of movement.
Length – workout leggings come in a variety of lengths. Most designs are to the ankle, but cropped leggings can vary from just under the knee to mid-calf. Cycling shorts are also made from similar materials to gym leggings. Regular leggings tend to be ankle length.
Workout leggings are designed for just that, working out. Whilst your gym leggings can be dressed for the everyday, it’s essential you wear leggings made for working out when exercising. They are designed with features to make your workout more comfortable and offer support, such as softer seams, higher waistlines and the ability to absorb moisture and sweat. This will help you achieve optimum performance.
All of our women's gym leggings are designed for an optimal work out, whether you're running, lifting weights or training for mobility. From Seamless Leggings to yoga pants, it can really vary between workouts.
Ultimately, the best leggings for working out are a personal choice - and we're confident any Gymshark gym legging you choose will provide comfort, support and freedom of movement for your workouts.
If we had to recommend the best leggings for working out, we'd suggest our seamless gym leggings . The performance-focused design and supportive materials mean that Seamless Leggings are crafted to suit any type of workout.
The most flattering workout leggings depend on a lot of things, including your body shape and size, the type of workout you're doing and personal preference.
Our high-waisted gym leggings are a popular choice with our community, as they are breathable, designed to support you as you work out and flatter your physique. Whether you want to work out or chill out, this type of gym legging will work with you.
Another popular gym legging is the scrunched bum legging . They’re shape enhancing and figure flattering for those days you want to look extra good, without compromising on comfort.
Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a sportswear inspired look for a lunch-date with friends, there are so many ways to style gym leggings.
For a classic gym look, stay cool when you work out with a sports bra and a crop top . You can layer this with a hoodie. On warmer days, switch your full-length leggings for cropped gym leggings or even shorts.
For those chill out days, throw-it-back to a 90s inspired streetwear look with an oversized sweatshirt and your gym leggings tucked into your socks. When it’s time to layer up, throw on a big coat and your effortless chic look is complete.
The Conditioning Collection
The Arrival Collection
Gymshark X Carlos Belcast
The Campus Collection
The hybrid athlete’s uniform.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 170 products
Men's New Releases
Comfortable, reliable, and loved by gym lovers.
Everyday Seamless Leggings
Minimal Sports Bra
Everyday Seamless Shorts
Power Oversized T-shirt
Soft Sculpt Shelf Tank
Training Oversized Sweatshirt
Viewing 1 - 60 of 372 products
Women's Must-Haves
Backpacks
From workout to work, our backpacks help you stay prepped for whatever the day has in store. These stylish yet functional backpacks allow you to keep organised with a range of compartments, such as side pockets for your bottle or shaker, internal laptop sleeves and meal prep pockets. With comfy straps and a range of styles to choose from, our gym backpacks will be your new everyday sidekick.
Viewing 1 - 26 of 26 products
Looking for a backpack that is equally adept inside and outside the gym? Shop a Gymshark Backpack today.
Gymshark backpacks are here to carry stuff any time you’ve got stuff to carry. We’ve got small, medium and large backpacks to take you from gym to work with no stress.
So pack the essentials with a gym backpack and you'll never miss a beat when working out. Whether you're carrying your Weightlifting Accessories or your post-workout shake, you can stow your gym kit in style.
All Accessories | Gym Headwear | Gym Beanies | Gym Caps | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | All Bags | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
Headbands & Hair Accessories
Because we all know that when the hair goes up, we mean business. Limit distractions and give your workout the concentration it deserves with hair accessories designed for the gym so you can focus on your next rep, not what your hair’s doing. With hair bands designed for intense workouts and headbands to stop sweat from ruining your hairstyle, we have accessories that work for all hair types.
Pearl Blue/Coastal Blue/White
THE HEADBANDS THAT WORK
The Diffuse Sweat Headband has been designed to stay put, and made to last, so you can lock-in and work hard .
Hair Accessories & Sports Headbands
For those who know all too well the feeling of hair in your face while you're trying to lift, loose strands sticking to your back while you struggle through a cardio session and sweat stinging your eyes as you try to hit a PR. Tame your locks with hair accessories that have all hair types in mind.
We've taken everything that normally stops you from working out to create our hair accessories. Constant adjustments are a thing of the past with non-slip headbands designed to stay securely in place during high-intensity workouts (not even burpees can shake 'em).
Our sweat bands are designed with thick materials to keep you warm when running, while moisture-wicking fabrics make them breathable enough to be worn during even the sweatiest of HIIT sessions absorbing and wicking away sweat to keep it from dripping down your forehand and onto your face.
While others may put off workouts to avoid wrecking their hair – our sports headbands keep your hair protected and looking good throughout your workout, staying in place for even the thickest hair. Made specifically with textured hair in mind, our sweat headbands protect edges and hairlines, allowing hair to remain in place and avoiding wig slippage, even when you are powering through a steamy spin class.
The double-layered Diffuse sweat headband is ideal for all hair types for both men and women. The wide, foldable band allows for an adjustable fit, helping to lay down edges and keep thicker curly hair under control so your wig, braids, or coils stay in place.
Our hair accessories hold your hair back so you can go harder, making them the best workout companions for those who need to tame their flyaways and don't want to let their hair get in the way of them and a workout.
• Conditioning Club graphic to the back • Ideal for warming up, working out, or rest day • Dropped shoulder design
SKU: A2B5Y-BB2J
86% who purchased would recommend this
Mike
I love to train with it ,the size,the colour,you need it
DS
Such a good Gymshark staple for a solid workout. Super comfortable and breathable material.
SKU: A2B4U-UDR5
SKU: B4C1J-PCGN
Crop Tops
Timeless and versatile, our crop tops will level up your ‘fit no matter what the day has in store. Flex the abs you work so hard for with sculpting and sweat-wicking gym crop tops, crafted to keep you feeling comfy and looking your best as you smash new goals. Or enjoy rest day in style with comfy, casual crop tops designed to elevate your out-of-gym looks.
Gym & Workout Crop Tops
Smash your goals while feeling that THAT girl in gym crops tops that show off a glimpse of the physique you work so hard for. Whether you’re dressing for a class or you’re getting a pump on in style, our crop tops combine cinching, sculpting and contouring so you can feel confident as you put in the work.
If there’s one thing that springs to mind when you think of our gym tops, it’s our famous workout crop tops, and combining flattering styles with functional fabrics is what we do best. Our sweat-wicking materials draw moisture away from you as you work up a sweat, while breathable structures keep you feeling comfy from beginning to end. Look out for seamless constructs, which combine a supportive, cropped fit with a minimal-seam design, allowing for a distraction-free workout every time.
With an abundance of choice, there’s a cute crop top for every workout. From the iconic short sleeve and long sleeve crop tops that pair perfectly as a matching set, to halternecks , camis and t-shirts which go above and beyond the standard sports crop tops, offering something a lil’ different for your workout wardrobe.
Crop tops made for rest day
Our crop tops are a vibe both in and out of the gym. Crafted with soft fabrics and in casual styles, they are the perfect companion for a chilled rest day at home or for running errands in style. An everday essential levelled up with bold graphics and unique silhouettes our cotton crop tops and baby tees will have you feeling ready to boss whatever the day has in store (but obviously it’s got to include gym, right?).
Delivery Information
Please choose your location from the dropdown below:
Delivery timeframes are a live representation at the time of ordering and are subject to change. If you've already placed an order, please check your shipping confirmation email for your specific delivery timeframe and tracking link.
You'll receive a confirmation email once your order is placed, followed by a second email containing your tracking information once your order has been shipped from our warehouse
All delivery timeframes start from the day after you place the order unless specified.
Gift Card purchases don't count towards qualifying for a free shipping threshold.
Unfortunately, we're unable to deliver to Military Addresses in EU countries.
In the unlikely event that you don't receive your order after the stated delivery timeframe, or your order is damaged when it arrives, please contact us within 7 days of delivery.
We currently do not ship to the following places:
Afghanistan, Belarus, Burundi, Bonaire, Cambodia, Central African Republic, Cuba, Democratic Republic of Congo, Guadeloupe, India, Iran, Iraq, Kosovo, Lebanon, Libya, Mali, Martinique, Myanmar, Nicaragua, North Korea, Northern Marianas Islands, Oaxaca Region of Mexico, Pakistan, Réunion, Russia, Somalia, South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands, South Sudan, Sudan, Gauteng Province of South Africa, Syria, St. Barthélemy, St. Martin, St. Pierre and Miquelon, Ukraine, Venezuela, Yemen, Zimbabwe.
JavaScript is not available.
We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.
Help Center
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.
Beanies
Workout Beanies
﻿ Don’t let the cold weather hold you back from your outdoor training session. Our selection of men's and women's Beanies have been designed with an insulating knit, so you can keep your head in the game whether you’re on an autumn run or enjoying outdoor winter sport.
Our Deep Cuff Beanies combine form and function, while our Docker Beanies sit higher up to leave your ears free for headphones or your trainers instructions.
Gymshark Beanies are more than just a functional piece of headgear, as we take special care when it comes to creating designs and styles that you will love. Look out for our pom and bobble beanies for the perfect winter aesthetic, or alternatively you may opt for a plain colour black or grey beanie.
Not sure which style to choose? Let us introduce you to our Reversable Beanies. These sport a distinctive Gymshark print on the one side for the days when you’re feeling bold, but can also be turned inside out to reveal a more minimalist style for the days when you’re rocking a lighter look.
So, whether you’re looking for a Workout Beanie to enhance your winter training, or a stylish knit cap to cover a bad hair day, we have you covered.
All Accessories | Gym Headwear | Gym Caps | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | All Bags | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
Conditioning Club Hoodie
• Conditioning Club graphic to the back • Ideal for warming up, working out, or rest day • Dropped shoulder design • Ribbed cuffs and hem
SIZE & FIT • Oversized fit • Model is 5'11" and wears a size M
MATERIALS & CARE • 79% Cotton, 21% Polyester
SKU: A2B2V-BB2J
Based on 15 reviews
KelvinBriffa
Love it so much i fits perfect and nothing wrong with it can't get better
Ash92
Nice, loose fit. Great colour. Heavy material. Great quality.
1-2 of 15 reviews
SKU: A2B2V-UDR5
Flared Leggings
For the ultimate transition piece that keeps on giving, our flare leggings are made for every aspiring studio girl. One of the most iconic pieces in every workout wardrobe, flare pants are made to take you from yoga classes to coffee dates, running errands and even business meetings. Elevating any look and complementing every body is their superpower.
Flare Leggings
Walnut Brown Marl
Depth Brown
Viewing 1 - 19 of 19 products
Flare Leggings For Women
Designed to stretch and move with your body, our flared leggings are made for more than just working out. While they’re a go-to for supporting you through Vinyasa to Yin, their buttery soft fabric makes them the perfect lounging companion whilst serving quiet luxury for a ‘put together’ look.
Made with lightweight materials, they offer a perfect stretch for Pilates workouts whilst the flattering waistbands create a contouring silhouette and give a second-skin feel, helping them stay put as you move.
While we wholly endorse them for running errands, we wouldn’t recommend our flared leggings for squatting or intense gym workouts (IYKYK) - but wear to the office or on a date and be prepared to receive some serious compliments.
Throw on an oversized tee or baggy sweatshirt and pair with trainers with some black flare leggings for a casual daytime look, or a crop top and one of our trending BBL jackets for the ultimate it-girl outfit.
If you are a flare-loving girlie, we have various fits from the subtle to the dramatic. For your low-key, low-effort days, our bootcut leggings are the perfect match. With a slight flare starting from the knee, you can enjoy the physique accentuating and styling benefits with a more subtle nod to the flare. But for your main character energy days, the more dramatic flare of bell bottom leggings will surely bring the hype to your workout and your rest day outfit.
Flared leggings take your staples and give you something a little bit extra. If you don’t own a pair, what are you waiting for? Buy the flare leggings: the confidence that comes with it is free.
GYMSHARK x LEANA DEEB
Our gym-ready, street-inspired modest wear collection, giving you coverage for all you’re capable of.
Everyone has the right to feel comfortable inside and outside the gym.
But comfort isn’t just cosy cottons, lightweight blends and soft shades. Comfort is a feeling. It’s a feeling of freedom to move and express ourselves unconditionally.
For those of us who chose to dress modestly - whatever the reason why - comfort can come from coverage. Modest wear and coverage can instil comfort, comfort can inspire confidence and confidence can ignite capability.
So when the coverage is taken care of, the rest follows. And you’ve got one less thing to think about.
Gymshark Modest Wear is crafted so all you have to focus on is yourself and your strength.
Move with the confidence of true coverage in loose, long fits that have got your back (and bum) through squats, steps and socials.
If you want to bring modest styling onto the gym floor, but don’t feel you need full-body coverage, these are the heavyweight fabrics and oversized fits for you.
Lighter layers and looser fits add a little extra coverage and confidence to your all day, every day looks.
We’ll keep doing all we can to give people one less thing to think about in the gym. And we won’t be done until there’s nothing left for those people to think about but their workout.
Whether that’s new drops, fresh inspo or the latest info, you can find all things Gymshark modest wear over on our blog, Gymshark Central.
HEADWEAR
Hijabs. Headbands. Hats. We’ve got loads of adjustable, reliable headwear options that you can make your own and train distraction-free in.
ALL PRODUCTS
Stock up on your workout wardrobe or test a fresh 'fit. Shop all men's Gymshark products here.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 1279 products
Men's Workout Clothes
Browse Gymshark's entire range of innovative and stylish gym clothes for men, designed to flatter your physique and help you smash your goals. Our superior gym and fitness clothing is made for performance and comfort that won't let you down. Shop from a range of men's long and short sleeve t-shirts , tank tops , joggers , shorts , hoodies and more. Keep checking our newest releases for the latest in men's gym clothing.
Men's Sale
Shorts with Pockets
Your practical sidekick for every plan, shorts with pockets are essential for any man’s wardrobe. Allowing you to keep your headphones, phone and keys secure and within reach so you can focus on your workout without losing your stuff on the gym floor. As for rest day, throw ‘em on, chuck your keys in the pocket, and you’re ready to head out to whatever plans are waiting for you.
Black/White Logo
Viewing 1 - 60 of 159 products
Men’s Pocket Shorts
Men’s Pocket Gym Shorts
Our range of men’s pocket shorts are both functional and stylish. Whether you’re hitting the gym, off for a run, going on a hike, or doing cardio or HIIT workouts, our men’s gym shorts with pockets are made with your comfort in mind.
We have a versatile range of pocket shorts that can be worn both in and out of the gym, on days you want to work out and on those well-deserved rest days . You can trust that our men’s pocket shorts offer the comfort, breathability, and style you've come to know and love with Gymshark's workout wear.
Our men’s gym shorts with pockets come in a range of fits, lengths and colours. They’re made with technologies to help you push your performance, such as sweat-wicking materials and high-waisted design.
Pocket shorts can be styled in many ways and so effortlessly too. Pair your pocket shorts with your favourite gym top , tank or stringer . Layer up with a hoodie or sweatshirt . On cooler days or days you want to chill out, swap your pocket gym shorts for a pair of sweats .
Graphic Tees
The ultimate addition to any athleisure-inspired ‘fit, rep your best set in style with our women’s graphic tees and printed tops. From bold logos to vintage-inspired prints, our graphic t-shirts are made to move with you, because looking strong should feel effortless. Sounds like our kind of tee tbh.
Graphics Tees
Base Green/Strength Green
Viewing 1 - 60 of 100 products
Women’s Graphic Tees
Say goodbye to basic. Our women’s graphic tees and printed shirts are made to elevate both your workout 'fit and your off-duty look. From bold designs to subtle logos, every tee is designed with gym girls in mind, because your top should work as hard as you do.
Love a statement piece? Whether you’re into oversized graphic workout shirts with bold prints, cute graphic baby tees, or cropped printed shirts, we’ve got fits and colors to match your style, and your training plan. Expect breathable fabrics, physique enhancing cuts, and graphics that bring major energy to every outfit.
For gym days that demand performance, pair one of our lightweight printed shirts with matching leggings, or graphic workout shorts to stay cool and comfortable through every set. For everything else, throw your graphic tee on with flare leggings or biker shorts, sunnies, and a claw clip for that put together energy.
From your warm-up to your weekend, these are graphic tees you’ll wear on repeat. Style, comfort, and personality, printed on.
Designed to keep you comfortable and stylish during your sweatiest workouts, our women's gym vests and tanks are your go-to choices for both fierce workout sessions and on-the-go style. Whether you're smashing those reps or simply heading out with friends, you'll find a style, cut, shape and colour to suit your lifestyle in our gym-ready collection.
Leaf Green
Skylight White
Cream Beige
Fresh Blue
Women's Workout Tank Tops
Gym Tank tops for Women
Feel your best in our women’s gym tanks, whether you’re aiming for a new deadlift PB or sweating your way through a HIIT session. Our fitness tank tops can offer you freedom of movement so you can keep your focus on the workout ahead. Feel confident in our figure flattering designs, stunning colours and functional materials, and allow our gym tanks to support you through every squat, stride and stretch.
Created with movement in mind, but also stylish enough to wear from the gym to post-workout plans, you won’t want to take our athletic tank tops off. We have a huge variety of tank tops to suit a range of styles and workouts, from the Vital collection, which is a staple for every workout wardrobe, to Power and Legacy which are crated for those who love to lift. We also have Elevate which is created with soft, stretchy fabric that’s perfect for yoga and Sweat which harnesses breathable materials and durable designs to take you through even the most intense workouts, time and time again. Shop athletic tank tops for women and feel your best.
This really varies from person to person, and workout to workout. If you’re wearing a loose tank top, we would recommend wearing a sports bra underneath to support and coverage or one of our tanks with built in bras . However you don’t need a sports bra under all of our Tanks, as you can find built in support within some of our fitted tank tops, such as the Vital or Adapt Animal, making them perfect tank tops with built in sports bras.
You could pair your gym tank top with the matching leggings or shorts for a cute gymwear look, or you might choose to mix and match your favourites across the collection. For when you’re travelling to and from the gym, you could throw a hoodie or jacket over the top an extra layer that can be removed easily as you start to warm up.
What To Wear To The Gym | Outfits And Essentials
02.08.25
Last Edited 02.08.25
So you’re heading to the gym - maybe for the first time, or perhaps your workout wardrobe is due for a much-needed upgrade. What do you buy? Knowing what to wear to the gym can make all the difference in how you feel and perform.
The right gym outfit isn’t just about looking good (although let’s be honest, that’s a bonus); it’s about comfort, versatility and functionality.
You want the right gear to smash your strength training session, sweat through a cardio workout, or flow through yoga; so here we have the ultimate guide on what to wear to the gym, from the right leggings to warm-up essentials, and even the best underwear for working out in.
The first question to ask is...
What Type Of Exercise Are You Doing?
Not all gym clothes will work for every outfit. To find the right gym outfit, think about your training style and the exercises you do most regularly. This will inform what you buy, ensuring you get the most wear from your workout clothes and have clothes tailored for your comfort and performance.
For strength training (resistance training or weight training), squat-proof bottoms are a priority, and thicker, dark colours reduce sheerness during squat and hinge movements. Weightlifting clothes should offer support and stability with tighter fits and more durable materials to handle heavy lifting movements without being restrictive around the joints. Seamless designs prevent chafing and provide flexibility for unrestricted movement, while fitted clothes reduce the distraction of loose hanging fabric. Always look for supportive and adjustable waistbands to prevent constant readjusting during your workouts.
What to look for:
Squat-proof leggings or shorts
Supportive, durable materials that last
Sweat-wicking & seamless designs for comfort
Darker colors for opaqueness
Lightly compressive stay-put waistband
Gym clothes for cardio workouts should be lightweight, breathable and sweat-wicking. Whether it’s a killer stairmaster session , skipping workout or treadmill sprint, opting for clothing that helps regulate your temperature and keep you dry will make a whole lot of difference to your comfort, stamina and performance. Looser-fitting tops and sweat-wicking leggings or shorts can be more comfortable than form-fitting clothes for cardio and tend to keep you a lot cooler. Don’t forget to make sure the waistbands fit so that they don’t roll down - look for adjustable waistbands or wide high-rise waistbands to do the job.
Light-weight, breathable designs
Sweat-wicking tech to keep you cool and dry
Darker colors that won’t show sweat patches
Loose-fitting tops for airflow
High-waisted or adjustable waistbands that don’t roll down
Whether you’re rolling out the mat at home or heading to the studio for Pilates, yoga, or stretching sessions - soft, breathable and stretchy fabrics are your best friend. Yoga clothes should be fitted but slightly looser, with less compression than weightlifting clothes. They’ll stay in place without being too tight, and softer stretchier fabrics will allow for deep stretches and full range of motion. Seamless options and wide waistbands on leggings can provide extra comfort for your flow, and lower-support sports bras also work well for these low-intensity (not always) workouts.
Buttery-soft fabrics
Wide waistbands for comfort
Minimal seams
Lightweight and stretchy designs
Regular fit tops that aren’t too tight
If you mix things up - strength, cardio, and mobility, then your clothes for the gym should prioritize versatility. Sweat-wicking technology is ideal if you’re jumping from station to station to keep you dry and cool. Think shorts that have the right length and fit for you to do it all in, multi-purpose leggings , breathable tops and trainers that offer support for multiple movements. Layering is also key here, as your workout can vary in intensity.
Leggings that aren’t too thin or thick
Sweat-wicking and breathable
Lightweight performance layers
Multi-purpose garments like 2-in-1 shorts
Gym Essentials and When To Wear Them
If you're new to the gym, figuring out what to wear, and when, can be a bit tricky. Maybe you’ve worn an outfit that left you overheating mid-workout or found your shorts feeling uncomfortably tight for the type of activity. To help you avoid any gymwear mishaps, here’s a simple guide to essential workout staples and the best times to wear them.
There’s nothing worse than feeling damp and cold from sweat, so choose a moisture-wicking top to keep you cooler for longer, dry and confident as you move.
Sweat-wicking tanks and vest tops are ideal for sweaty cardio sessions and staying cool. Designs that feature a racerback or drop arm style are popular as they allow your arms to move easily and push, pull and lift in all directions.
For t-shirts , if muscle definition is your thing, choose a fitted top, they’re a great piece for weightlifting and prevent excess fabric from getting in the way as you move. They make an ideal layering piece too.
Crop tops are a great option for those who like a shorter fit on top, especially when paired with high-rise leggings, while oversized t-shirts are a go-to for a comfy and relaxed gym ensemble. Perfect for those who prefer the extra coverage for a boost of confidence, or prefer a looser fit.
Then we have long sleeve tops ; which are a comfortable option for those who like to cover their arms, for warm-ups and layering in winter. You could also wear a 1/4 zip-top , a great piece of running gear and baselayer for colder-gym environments.
Once you’ve selected a comfortable, sweat-wicking top of choice, it’s time to choose a pair of breathable bottoms made from performance fabrics to complete the gym outfit.
Now breathable bottoms can come in a few forms; for women, high-waisted leggings are the ultimate gym staple for comfort, support, and squat-proof coverage. Choose the leggings right for your workout by following our above tips on what to look for to guide you to pick the right pair.
When it comes to shorts, tight shorts are another popular choice for women, offering a second-skin feel for unrestricted movement. Available in biker short lengths, and a range of 4-7” inseam options, there’s something for whatever length you feel comfortable with. The tight fit can help you monitor your form and reduce chafing, making them a great option for leg day.
A unisex style of breathable bottoms is a pair of loose-fit shorts, which are a solid choice for casual gym-goers, running and functional training . They’re ideal for those who don’t like tight-fitting clothes and prefer more airflow. The best inseam length for men’s shorts is typically 5-7 inches depending on your preference.
If you prefer loose shorts but need chafing prevention, we have 2-in-1 shorts that offer the best of both worlds with sweat-wicking tech to keep you cool and dry.
Another option you have to wear to the gym is joggers/sweatpants. Choose from breathable cotton numbers or performance fabrics for your warm-ups, cool-downs, or casual gym days. They’re great if you prefer a looser fit, modest workout options or are training in cooler environments.
A supportive sports bra is a must-have in the gym, but finding the right one for you depends on many factors; like your cup size, workout intensity and preference.
Low-impact sports bras are best for yoga , pilates , or light stretching. They offer comfort and gentle support, often with a comfortable second-skin feel. Those with smaller bust sizes may find low-impact sports bras most comfortable and supportive enough for most workouts.
Medium-impact sports bras are great for strength training and general workouts. They offer the perfect balance between comfort and support making them a good everyday choice.
For running, HIIT, or any high-intensity movement, high-impact sports bras become essential. They’re designed to reduce movement and prevent discomfort during intense exercise and will offer the most support for those with larger cup sizes.
Pick up an oversized hoodie or sweatshirt (pump covers) for warm-ups, cool-downs, and cozy gym vibes. The extra layer will come in especially handy for cold warehouse gyms or winter workouts.
Underwear choice may not have been something you’ve considered but soft, lightweight, and no-show underwear like seamless briefs are ideal for staying in place, providing comfort and not showing through your leggings.
Then when it comes to accessories, a cap is excellent for keeping sweat and hair out of your face. They’re a saviour for bad hair days, or enabling some privacy so you can zone in on your workouts.
For the hair, headbands offer protection, particularly for curly hair , as well as extra sweat control and a stylish touch. Perfect for keeping your hair in place for high-intensity training.
Socks are important too. Crew socks provide warmth and support, especially for lifting and cold-weather workouts. Performance and running socks feature cushioning, a lightweight design and added breathability to keep you comfortable and cool.
Finally, choose sport-specific shoes. Running trainers are the best for cardio, HIIT, or plyometrics (jumping exercises e.g. burpees, skaters, box jumps). They’re designed for shock absorption, stability and support. Flat-soled sneakers like Converse on the other hand are best for weightlifting to keep you grounded and stable. They keep your foot closer to the ground allowing for better force transfer, awareness of your positioning and reduced risk of rolling your foot.
Dressing For The Weather
Gyms generally maintain a stable temperature year-round, but you may still need to adjust your gym outfits based on the season. In colder months, warming up can take longer, so layering up is key. Meanwhile, in hotter months, your body temperature is already elevated, making lightweight, breathable clothing essential for staying cool. If you're unsure what to wear for different temperatures, we’ve got a few foolproof tips to help you stay comfortable, perform your best, and keep your workout wardrobe season-ready.
Breathable, sweat-wicking materials to keep you cool and dry.
Lighter colors to reflect heat if your gym has an outdoor workout zone.
Loose-fitting tank tops will provide more airflow.
Removable layers - workout in your sports bra if you feel comfortable.
Wear a pump cover to warm up in ( heavyweight sweatshirt or hoodie).
Thicker leggings for extra warmth.
Fitted-zip jackets keep you covered and are easy to take off.
Moisture-wicking fabrics to wick away sweat before it cools down and makes you cold.
7 Gym Outfits For Every Day of the Week
Not sure how to mix and match your gym fits? Here’s an example of a week’s worth of training and seven simple gym outfits to keep you covered:
Leg Day: Squat-proof leggings or shorts, matching sports bra, fitted top, flat sneakers.
HIIT/Functional Training: Loose tank top, sweat-wicking shorts, cardio-friendly sneakers.
Upper Body Day: Fitted sweat-wicking top, shorts or leggings.
LISS & Abs: Oversized tee, comfy leggings, supportive sneakers.
Pilates: Soft, stretchy leggings, low-impact sports bra, barefoot or grip socks.
Run Day: Lightweight tank, 2-in-1 running shorts, high-impact sports bra, running shoes.
Yoga: Low-impact sports bra, relaxed-fit tee, lightweight stretchy leggings, and a soft headband.
Keep it simple, choose a pair of leggings or shorts with sweat-wicking fabrics and a dark colour for squat-proof coverage, a fitted or oversized tee depending on what you prefer, and comfortable trainers. A medium-support sports bra is a good all-rounder, but choose something with high support if you feel more comfortable.
How many gym outfits you need depends on how often you train. If your workout split sees you at the gym 3-4 times a week, aim for at least 3 outfits to rotate. For low-impact exercise or workouts such as yoga and mobility, you probably won’t sweat much so can get away with re-wearing your gym outfit before it needs a wash. For those of you working out more regularly, make sure you’re washing your workout clothes mid-week, or have a couple of additional gym outfits.
High-impact sports bras should be worn for running or jumping (regardless of cup size), while medium-impact bras work well for weight training or steady-state cardio. Low-impact sports bras are suitable for yoga and Pilates, where comfort and flexibility are paramount.
If you have a large cup size, high-impact support is a game-changer for every workout. It reduces bounce and discomfort so you can focus on moving, not adjusting.
Need help finding the perfect fit? Check out our guide on the types of sports bras and how to choose the right support level for you.
Absolutely. Just keep comfort in mind, and know the limitations. Breathable, sweat-wicking fabrics will keep you cool and dry, whereas cotton can hold on to a lot of moisture, making sweat marks harder to avoid.
Many beginners in the gym gravitate towards oversized tees for extra coverage and confidence. They’re a gym staple for everyone because they offer a relaxed fit, don’t cling to the body and pair effortlessly with leggings and shorts. Plus, they’ve become a streetwear-inspired gym trend for the style-conscious.
But if you prefer something more fitted, look for a lightweight, stretchy T-shirt that you already have in your closet!
Finding the right gym outfit doesn’t have to be complicated, and it certainly shouldn’t be daunting. Prioritize comfort, support, and flexibility, and you’ll feel (and look) great in every session. It might take a while to figure out the specific styles and aesthetics you like, but with the basics covered, you’re ready for the gym - now go smash that workout!
From gym leggings to sports bras, running socks and workout accessories, you can shop it all with ease on the Gymshark App. Download below!
Viewing 1 - 60 of 121 products
Men’s Black Workout Tops
Our men’s black workout tops are a true workout wardrobe staple. They’re so versatile, an easy go-to all year round and ultra-flattering. We’ve got long and short sleeved men’s black workout tops in a variety of fits and cuts, all designed to keep you feeling cool, confident, and comfortable however hard you’re training… or resting.
Each of our men’s black gym tops have been crafted to help you push your workout goals. They’re soft and lightweight so you can focus with zero distractions. Some even have a sweat-wicking finish to keep you dry. Whether you go for a slim, regular or an oversized fit, our men’s black gym tops move with you.
Scrunch Butt Leggings
Prepare to exude confidence with our scrunch bum leggings. These leggings are designed for comfort and performance, whilst highlighting the glutes you works so hard for. Express your style with a range of colours and designs, our ruched bum leggings are a game-changer for your activewear collection that will stand up to every workout.
Magenta Purple
Victory Green
Walnut Mauve
Savanna | Yellow
Moss Olive Print
Willow Green/Core Olive
Weighted Green
Viewing 1 - 60 of 60 products
Women's Butt Lifting and Scrunch Butt Leggings
Scrunch butt leggings, AKA cheeky scrunch leggings, use a special sewing technique where the material pinches just below the tailbone (in between the buttocks) to accentuate the shape of the buns. The fabric essentially gathers where the buttocks separate, pulling the material slightly to show off your glutes, glorious glutes.
Everyone needs a little lift from time to time, and that’s where our butt lifting leggings shine. Our broader butt lifting leggings category is designed to highlight the peach with a range of features that could include butt scrunches and accentuating contouring, leaving you feeling smoothed, sculpted and enhanced as you get your glutes pumping.
Whether you’re getting your lift on, running errands or meeting friends, butt enhancing leggings will have you feeling so good you won’t remember what life was like without them.
Scrunch butt leggings or butt scrunch leggings- are designed to enhance your shape, highlighting your best assets so that you can feel confident when working out. The perfect partner for leg day, scrunch butt leggings help to create a peachiness that is ideal for when you’re working on a glute pump.
Our selection of scrunch butt gym leggings are usually complemented with an elasticated waistband to enhance your figure even further, which also keeps the leggings firmly in place, whether you’re deadlifting a PB or smashing through a HIIT session.
Some may find that the scrunch takes a little getting used to at first, but our butt scrunch gym leggings are designed to be ultra-comfortable to work out in. You can find ruched butt leggings created with our seamless stretch fabric that allows you full freedom of movement whilst sweat wicking finishes help to keep you dry, allowing you to lift comfortably with minimal distractions.
Available in a whole host of colours to suit any stye, from classic black to cool grey, but also including soft pastels, vibrant colours and eye-catching prints. Our high waisted butt enhancing leggings combine figure enhancing fits designs that are stunning enough to wear in and out of the gym.
So, whether you opt for a matching sports bra to complete the set, or a crop top or vest , we recommend wearing something that shows off the figure enhancing effects of scrunch bum leggings. After all, you work hard for it, why not show it off.
All Leggings | High Waisted Leggings | Cropped Leggings | Seamless Leggings | Camo Seamless Leggings | Black Leggings | Joggers | Women's Gym Shorts
Loungewear
Rest day has never looked so good. Nail the cozy, 'just-rolled-out-of-bed' aesthetic with our women's loungewear. From oversized styles and premium fabrics for those all-important cozy girl couch days, to buttery soft lounge sets you'll want to wear all day long, trust us, you won't want to gatekeep.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 383 products
Women's Loungewear & Loungewear Sets
For the days when you don’t want to dress up, but still want to nail the quiet luxury trend, our women’s loungewear gives you the best of both worlds. Perfect for slouchy no-makeup, no-bra days, there's no need to reach for your boyfriend's old, oversized tees anymore. You deserve to indulge in comfy lounge sets, especially when you're nursing DOMs after a heavy leg session, and our seamless body-fit designs allow you to do so effortlessly.
Your year-round companion, you can rely on our loungewear sets to have you feeling like the IT girl for every season. On chilly or rainy days, a comfy loungewear set is a cozygirl outfit essential, your go-to for rest day lounging at home, throwing on after a workout or venturing out to grab a pumpkin spiced latte. While lightweight loungewear sets make summer styling effortless, from cute shorts to vests, you’ll be putting the ‘hot’ in ‘hot girl walk’.
With versatile styles to suit how you feel on the day, express yourself by mixing and matching styles, or picking up a matching top and bottoms for a complete loungewear set. Choose from lightweight cotton loungewear with soft ribbed fabrics that hug the body, to thick, premium materials that allow for an effortless oversized style.
Whether you’re doing a candle-lit yoga session at home, meeting the girls for a post-workout brunch, or on an active recovery walk, our cozy girl outfits pass the vibe check, because life’s more comfortable in loungewear.
Made for more than the gym floor, our men’s gym hoodies & sweatshirts provide the perfect extra layer whether you're lifting weights or enjoying a rest day on the sofa. With authentic lifting graphics and minimalist designs giving the ultimate streetwear ‘fit, step up your staples with one of our hoodies.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 240 products
Men’s Workout Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Made for more than the gym floor, our men’s gym hoodies & sweatshirts provide the perfect extra layer whether you're lifting weights or enjoying a rest day on the couch. With authentic lifting graphics and minimalist designs giving the ultimate streetwear ‘fit, step up your staples with one of our hoodies.
Looking for a men’s hoodie for workouts or a sweatshirt to layer up on rest day? Whether hooded or non-hooded sweats are your style, we have you covered. Choose from relaxed fits and stretchy fabrics on our sweatshirts to keep your warm between heavy sets, whilst still giving you full range of motion for unrestricted lifting. For a more focused workout, slim-fit hoodies provide zero distractions, helping you keep your head on your lift.
Designed with performance in mind, our men's hoodies boast a warm, soft interior that’ll make you reach for them every time. Moisture-wicking technology in our slim-fit hoodies keeps sweat at bay, with breathable fabrics preventing overheating whilst still providing insulation for those colder days outside of the gym.
Our men’s hoodies include practical features like kangaroo pockets for storing essentials like keys, phones and headphones, while adjustable drawcords help give a custom fit. Our men’s sweatshirts with crew neck, quarter zip, or collared necklines make it easy to quickly peel off your pump cover over your headphones and get to work.
From bold graphic prints inspired by the golden era of bodybuilding to minimalist designs, our hoodies and sweatshirts feature physique-accentuating seams, with oversized fits, and drop shoulders helping to highlight your build.
Off-duty days call for hoodies made from heavyweight, high-gsm fabrics, perfect for pairing with matching sweatpants for the ultimate loungewear set. Need your sweats to hold up in the gym? Our premium men’s sweatshirts can withstand the regular wear and tear of mobility warm-ups and barbell friction.
Seamlessly transition to post-gym plans with hoodies and sweatshirts that are perfect for layering up or throwing on for an effortlessly casual look.
Strength Training For Runners | Improve Your Running Performance By Lifting Weights
07.28.21
Last Edited 04.11.25
Strength training isn’t just about aesthetics - whether you’re new to running and want to get it right from the beginning, a sprinter gunning for a faster 40-yard dash or an endurance runner tackling ultra-marathons, lifting weights can significantly improve your running performance.
Incorporating strength exercises into your running routine improves power, efficiency, running economy, bio-mechanics and resilience - helping you run faster, for longer ( and with less risk of injury).
One key focus for runners? Unilateral exercises. Running is a single-leg activity, meaning imbalances between your left and right side can lead to poor running form, mechanics and even injury over time. It’s natural to have one side stronger than the other, but strengthening each side independently will help correct these imbalances and improve stability and control with every stride.
Beyond that, strong glutes, hamstrings and core muscles are essential for maintaining good running posture and form and this can be achieved through big, multi-muscle compound movements. And for running power and propulsion? Explosive plyometric exercises will give you that juice.
"But what if I’m happy with my current pace?" . We get it, it's not all about adding speed, nor are we here to turn you into the next Mr. (or Ms.) Olympia. Loading our muscles through a full range of motion will help build strength, muscular endurance and mobility while significantly reducing the chance of injury - and if there's one thing worse than hitting your max heart rate, it’s getting injured…
The stronger your foundation, the smoother and more efficient your running stride will be. Discover the best strength exercises for runners, as well as how to create a training program that combines lifting and running so that you can reduce running fatigue (posture, stride, speed), the strain on your joints and improve your overall running performance.
Strength training improves running economy and efficiency. What does this mean for the average Joe? Well, studies have shown that strengthening the muscles used in running enables you to generate more force with each stride while expending less energy. The more efficient you can run, the easier it is to maintain faster paces for longer distances before fatigue sets in. So if you’re training for a marathon , strength training should be a priority (especially if you’re looking to hit a PB) so you can run stronger, faster and more confidently.
Achilles, knee, and ankle injuries, (to name a few) are common injuries caused by overuse from long-distance running and the pressure placed on the joints, which leads us to the importance of strength training for running. A systematic review into the effectiveness of strength training to prevent sports injuries found that strength training reduced sports injuries to less than 1/3, and overuse injuries could be almost halved. [1]
A second study identified the correlation between previous injuries as an increased risk factor in relation to future injury potential [2] , and therefore extra consideration should be taken to increase strength around previous injury sites to reduce the chance of further injury when running. Strength training not only improves performance but also contributes to a prolonged running career through a decreased injury risk.
There’s a lot of bodyweight power required for running, so strengthening the leg muscles in particular will improve how powerfully you can spring and propel yourself forward. Plyometric exercises like box jumps, skater jumps and jumping split squats are beneficial for improving muscle power and ground reaction force (your ability to apply force to the ground), and should be implemented in speed and agility training. The more force you can produce through the ground in less time, the further you can propel yourself forward each stride, which leads to faster running times and less energy expenditure per stride [3].
When you’re new running, there’s so much to think about that your form is often the first thing to slip. Even experienced runners can find their posture deteriorates when fatigue sets in during long runs or races. Strengthening your back , core and glute muscles will significantly improve your ability to maintain a strong and upright posture and reduce any imbalances that affect your running technique. This means your running form is as strong at mile 1 as it is at mile 26[4].
Strength training is extremely important for increasing your bone density as you age, and although running is a weight-bearing exercise which slows bone loss, for some populations, such as older adults, or women (who tend to be more prone to developing osteoarthritis) it’s recommended to increase your output of resistance training to strengthen your bones, particularly if you are running often [5].
17 Essential Strength Exercises For Runners
Want to run stronger, faster, and with fewer injuries? Strength training is the secret weapon. By building power, stability, and endurance, these exercises help you move more efficiently and stay injury-free. Whether you're chasing a new PR or just want to feel better on your runs, adding these moves to your routine will make a difference. Let’s get stronger, one rep at a time!
Lower Body Exercises For Runners
Lower body workouts are crucial for runners who want to build power in their legs, endurance and stability. The following exercises focus on unilateral movements , compound lifts and plyometrics to ensure well-rounded development that covers all bases, improving running-efficiency, strength, explosiveness, all while reducing injury risk. Strong legs = strong running.
1. Box Squat
How To Do It:
Set up a barbell with a lightweight and place it on your shoulders (back squat position).
Stand with feet shoulder-width apart.
Engage your core and lower yourself onto a box or bench, keeping your chest up until your glutes lightly touch the box.
Drive through your heels to return to a standing position.
Repeat 10 reps for 3 sets.
Muscles Targeted: Quads , hamstrings , glutes, core
Benefits for Runners: Box squats develop leg strength by improving glute and quad activation, and squat form which helps to enhance propulsion during each stride, leading to better running economy and reduced knee strain. One systematic review highlighted that strength training with exercises like squats improves running economy in mid to long-distance runners [6].
2. Weighted Reverse Lunge
Stand with feet hip-width apart, holding dumbbells at your sides.
Step right foot back into a lunge, lowering until both knees form 90-degree angles.
Keep your core engaged and your chest upright.
Push through the front foot to return to standing and repeat on the left leg.
Repeat 8 reps per leg, 3 sets.
Muscles Targeted: Quads, hamstrings, glutes
Benefits for Runners: Reverse lunges emphasize single-leg strength, a critical factor in running mechanics. This exercise improves stability, enhances hip mobility, and strengthens the posterior chain, reducing the risk of imbalances that can lead to injuries like IT band syndrome.
3. Single-Leg Romanian Deadlift
Stand with feet hip-width apart, holding a dumbbell in your left hand.*
Shift your weight onto your right leg and hinge at the hips leaning slightly forward while extending the left leg off the ground behind you.
Lower the dumbbell down until your torso is parallel to the floor.
Engage your glutes to return to standing.
Benefits for Runners: RDL’s strengthens the posterior chain (muscles on the back of the body) which are crucial for driving yourself forward during running contributing to better-running economy and performance [6]. Holding the dumbbell on the opposite side of the standing leg also challenges core engagement, leading to improved trunk control during strides.
* Which side should I hold my weight for a single-leg deadlift? The dumbbell can be held with either hand, but for balance we recommend holding the opposite side of the stationary leg (contralaterally). Think: the hand you hold the dumbbell = the same side as your leg that is extending back. For progression, you can perform this exercise holding a weight in both hands.
4. Single Leg Glute Bridge
How to Do it:
Lie on your back with your knees bent and feet planted on the floor.
Lift the right foot into a tabletop position.
Press through the left foot that is flat on the floor
Lift your hips off the ground and squeeze your glutes as you lift.
Lower with control, keeping the raised leg up and repeat.
Perform 10 reps per leg, 3 sets.
Benefits: Glute bridges strengthens the glutes and hamstrings, key muscles for hip extension during running [7]. By isolating one leg at a time this exericse also highlights and corrects muscle imbalances that could lead to compensatory movement patterns and inefficiencies in stride mechanics. It also works the core and lower back to improve stabilisation, while also helping to reduce knee pain.
5. Single Leg Step Up
Stand in front of a sturdy bench or box, holding dumbbells if needed.
Step left foot onto the platform, driving through the left heel to lift yourself up.
Bring the right foot up, then step both feet down down with control.
Benefits: Single leg step-ups mimic the running motion of striding, enhancing functional strength and improving knee strength and stability. They target the key muscles like hamstring, glutes and quads, improving knee stability and reducing the risk of injury. This movement pattern enhances the mechanic of pushing off the ground, which is essential for running speed.
6. Standing Calf Raise
How to do It:
Stand on a slightly raised flat surface, with feet hip-width apart and place your hands on a wall or hold onto a sturdy object for balance.
Push through the balls of your feet to raise your heels, coming up onto your toes.
Hold the position briefly at the top, then lower back down with control.
Perform 12-15 reps for 3 sets.
Progression: For an added challenge, hold a dumbbell in each hand or use a calf raise machine.
Muscles Targeted: Calves (gastrocnemius, soleus), achilles tendon
Benefits for Runners: Calf raises strengthen the calves, which are crucial for pushing off the ground with each stride. Strong calves help prevent shin splints, Achilles tendon injuries, and calf strains, which are common in runners. By improving calf endurance and strength , this exercise supports better push-off, sprinting speed, and uphill running performance [8].
7. Box Jumps
Stand in front of a sturdy box (about mid-thigh height to start).
Bend at the hips and knees, explode upward, swinging arms for momentum.
Land softly on the box with knees slightly bent.
Step down and repeat for 8-10 reps, 3 sets.
Muscles Targeted: Quads, glutes, hamstrings, calves.
Benefits for Runners: Box jumps help improve explosive power which translates directly into better acceleration and sprinting abilities. Explosive movement train the fast-twitch muscles in your legs, which are often missed in many leg exercises like leg presses and extensions. This trains you to reduce ground contact time, running speed and stride efficiency.
8. Jumping Split Squats (with Variations)
Start in a lunge position, right leg forward, left leg back.
Jump explosively, switching legs mid-air into the opposite lunge position.
Land softly and repeat.
Perform 8 reps for 3 sets.
Alternative: For a no jump option, bend the front leg into a lunge position for and return to the start for a static split squat, for 8 reps.
Benefits for Runners: Jumping split squats enhance single-leg power and stability on one leg which is key for reducing ground reaction time and moving efficiently. Whether you’re trail running or sprinting, this exercise will help build lower-body power and the ability to generate force during each stride.
9. Depth Drop Jumps
Stand on a platform or elevated surface no taller than knee-height, with your feet shoulder-width apart.
Step off the platform and drop to the ground, landing softly on both feet with your knees slightly bent.
Immediately jump as high as possible once (or twice) engaging your core and explosively extending through your legs.
Return to standing on the platform and repeat.
Muscles Targeted: Quads, hamstrings, core, calves.
Benefits for Runners: Death drop jumps improve explosive strength in runners. The quick transition from the eccentric (landing) to concentric (jumping) phase helps increase force production and reduces ground contact time, decreasing the amount of energy needed to run at a given speed. One study on found that this exercises helps improve overall muscle stiffness and elasticity in runners resulting in faster, more powerful running [9].
Core Exercises For Runners
A strong core is essential for runners to maintain proper posture, which will help reduce energy wastage (when runners expend more effort than necessary) and enhance overall running efficiency. The core acts as a stabilizer when running, ensuring minimal side-to-side movement and maximising forward propulsion. To combat fatigue setting in during longer distances, it’s important you work on your core to maintain your form with these key exercises.
10. Plank (plus variations)
Begin kneeling on a mat in a table-top positions, lower your forearms down onto the ground and extend your legs back into a forearm plank position.
Your body should be in one straight line from your head to heels, squeezing your core tight, and back straight.
Remember to breathe deeply and evenly throughout.
Hold for 30-60 seconds, 3 sets.
Progression: Increase the duration of your planks as you get stronger. Try side planks for oblique enhancement and hip stability.
Alternative: Take a full plank on your hands rather than your forearms for an alternative version.
Muscles Targeted: Core , shoulders, forearms.
Benefits for Runners: Planks engage the deep core muscles, including the transverse abdominis which helps stabilize the pelvis to prevent excessive movement in the torso. A strong core is essential for maintaining an efficient running stride reducing the likelihood of lower back pain [10].
11. Palloff Press
At the cable machine, position the cable handle at around chest height (this can also be done with a resistance band tied to a rig).
Hold the cable with both hands at the chest, interlocking the fingers.
Take a step out away from the machine, with cable in a straight line from the machine to the handle.
Press the cable straight out in front of you, keeping your core engaged, and resisting rotation.
Hold for a second, return slowly and repeat.
Perform 10 reps per side, 3 sets.
Muscles Targeted: Core, shoulders.
Benefits for Runners: The pallof press develops anti-rotational strength, targeting the obliques, which is crucial for preventing excessive torso twisting while running. This helps conserve energy and improves running efficiency by directing your energy into driving you forward than waisted lateral movement.
12. Bird Dogs
Start on a mat in a tabletop position with hands under shoulders and knees under hips.
Extend one arm and the opposite leg simultaneously, squeezing your core as you move.
Hold for a second, then return to the start position with control.
Benefits for Runners: Bird dogs improve core stability, balance and coordination - key factors for maintaining proper running posture. Strengthening the deep core muscles that are hit with this exercises improves posture, and helps prevent energy loss during running. A stable core leads to more efficient running form, especially during longer runs when fatigue can compromise stability [11].
13. Deadbugs
Lie on your back with arms extended toward the ceiling and knees bent at 90 degrees.
Slowly extend one leg and the opposite arm toward the floor, keeping your lower back flat and core engaged.
Return to the start and repeat on the other side.
Muscles Targeted: Core, hip flexors.
Benefits for Runners: Deadbugs target your deep core muscles especially the transverse abdominis, which play a vital role in stabilising the pelvis and spine. This aids a runner as they help prevent excessive movement in the torso which can lead to fatigue.
Upper Body Exercises For Runners
While running primarily engages the lower body, upper body strength is important for runners to maintain good upright posture, efficient arm drive and overall endurance. Say bye to slouching and hello to better breathing with this essential upper body strength exercises for runners.
14. Pull Ups (with Variations)
How To Do it:
Grip a pull-up bar with palms facing away from the body, hands slightly wider than shoulder-width.
Engage your core and pull your chest up towards the bar.
Lower yourself with control and repeat.
Perform 3-5 reps, 3 sets
Alternative: If a full pull-up is too challenging, start with assisted pull-ups using a resistance band, or pull-up machine or perform lat pull-downs to build strength progressively.
Muscles Targeted: Back, biceps, shoulders, core.
Benefits for Runners: Pull ups build upper body endurance and posture control, reducing fatigue during long runs. They strengthen the lats which play a role in maintaining proper arm drive when running [12]. A strong upper back also improves spinal alignment, preventing forward lean and poor breathing control.
15. Push Ups (with Variations)
Begin with your hands and knees in a tabletop position on a mat.
Push into your hands, keeping them in line with with your shoulder and lift your knees up so you are in a high plank position.
Lower yourself until your chest nearly touches the floor, keeping elbows at a 45-degree angle.
Press back up explosively.
Perform 10-15 reps, 3 sets
Alternative: Perform this exercise on your knees if a full-push up is too challenging, you’ll gradually build strength to progress.
Progression: Modify by doing incline push-ups against a bench or wall to reduce difficulty, or add a weighted vest for more resistance.
Muscles Targeted: Chest, shoulders, triceps, core.
Benefits for Runners: Push-ups develop upper-body endurance and posture, leading to improved arm drive which contributes to better running form. They also engage the core, reinforcing the body’s ability to maintain an upright posture, preventing slouching as fatigue kicks in during long-distance running.
16. Inverted Rows
Set a bar on a squat rack or TRX straps at waist height.
Lie underneath and grip the bar with an overhand grip (the more upright the angle of your body is the easier the exercise will be).
Keep your legs extended, body straight and pull your chest to the bar.
Lower yourself back down with control without touching the ground.
Repeat 8-12 reps for 3 sets.
Muscles Targeted: Upper back, biceps, core.
Benefits for Runners: Inverted rows strengthen the posterior chain, improving posture and working to counteract the forward lean caused by running. Having a strong upper back also supports arm drive and breathing mechanics which is key to running stamina [13].
17. Dumbbell Shoulder Press
Stand with feet shoulder-width apart holding dumbells at shoulder height and palms facing forwards.
Press the weights overhead in a straight line upwards, extending your arms without locking out, keeping your core engaged.
Lower back down to your shoulders.
Repeat for 8-10 reps, 3 sets.
Muscles Targeted: Shoulders, triceps, upper back.
Benefits for Runners: The shoulder press strengthens shoulders, triceps and upper back improving shoulder stability, arm drive and running posture. A stronger upper body also helps prevent fatigue, ensuring you can maintain a strong running form and improving your overall endurance.
How To Create An Effective Lifting And Running Program
If you love running and want to build strength at the same time, it’s important to find the balance between the two. Incorporate strength workouts 2-3 times a week, focusing on running-specific exercises and movement patterns. Prioritize form and unilateral movements, while ensuring you progressively increase intensity. Remember to always listen to your body in order to maximize performance gains without burnout.
How often should you lift if you’re running regularly? The sweet spot is usually 2-3 days per week. Ideally, schedule your strength days on the same day as easy runs or after harder sessions to allow time for proper recovery. For example, if you have an intense interval session on your running training program, lifting the same day will keep your hard efforts together, leaving the next day for true recovery (and active recovery or mobility).
Heavy bodybuilding exercises are not necessary for runners, instead, focus on functional movements and sport-specific strength training. Strength exercises for runners like squats, lunges, deadlifts, step-ups and explosive plyometric exercises will help to improve stride efficiency, running power and reduce injury risk.
You don’t get better at running by running more. Yes, frequency is a part of a running training program, but there’s a lot more to it, including varying the intensity, tempo, speed, and distance run. The same rule applies to strength training. Gradually increasing weights, reps, or intensity ensures consistent progress. If you lift the same weight every session, your muscles won’t adapt or get stronger.
Strength training should complement your running, not compete with it. So how you lift depends on where you are in your training plan. This is where periodization comes in - adjusting your lifting focus depending on what phase you are in your running season:
Base phase: Lower weights, higher reps, focusing on endurance and plyometrics.
Build phase: Moderate weights, medium reps, incorporating movements that mimic running.
Peak phase: Heavier weights, lower reps, building maximum strength and force through compound movements.
Race phase: Maintenance mode, slow it down, light strength work to keep gains without overdoing it.
Strength training adds stress to your body, and the micro-tears to your muscle fibres after a workout can cause DOMS (Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness). This is a sign that your body is repairing and adapting, but it can be pretty uncomfortable. Ensure you prioritize sleep, nutrition, stretching for runners and mobility work as your running and lifting program. Listen to your body, fuel yourself correctly, and if you’re feeling extra fatigued, adjust your training accordingly.
Sample Strength Training Program For Runners
A Day (Lower Body & Plyometrics Focus)
Box Squats: 3x8-10
Single-Leg Romanian Deadlifts: 3x10
Single-leg Step-ups: 3x10 each leg
Calf Raises: 3x12-15
Box Jumps: 3x6
Core: Hanging Leg Raises: 3x12
B Day (Upper Body, Stability & Plyometrics Focus)
Pull-ups or Lat Pulldown: 3x8
Dumbbell Shoulder Press: 3x10
Bent-over Rows: 3x10
Single-leg Romanian Deadlifts: 3x8 each leg
Jumping Split Squats: 3x6 each leg
Core: Plank Variations: 3 rounds 30-60 second holds
Get your form right first. Master compound movements like squats, lunges and push-ups bodyweight only before adding weight. Proper technique prevents injuries and builds a solid foundation for strength training.
Start slow and build up over time. Progressive overload should be a focus but don't up your weight too drastically week by week. Alongside your running program, this could put a serious strain on your body.
Big, multi-joint exercises like lunges, squats, pull-ups, deadlifts, push-ups and plyometric exercises enhance power and strength and should be your focus over isolation exercises, especially if you’re short on time.
Some soreness is normal, and we’ve gone through how to best recover when combining running and lifting, but don’t push through the pain, it’ll only prolong your recovery time. Skip the run or the strength session if you need to, don’t overdo it.
If you are weight training for running at home, to progressively overload, a few dumbbells, resistance bands and a plyo box can go a long way in building strength without having to head to the gym.
Keep notes on reps, weight, what side feels weaker and how you feel after each workout so you know how to adapt your strength training sessions accordingly.
Building strength doesn’t happen overnight, it’s all about dedication and hard work. The benefits of strength training for running are huge, so be patient and don’t give up.
When it comes to combining lifting and strength training, a good rule of thumb is a 3:1 run-to-gym ratio.
With strong data showing the positive response of strength training in running performance, injury prevention and running economy - it's time to take the weights room a little more seriously.
It's important to have a safe, conservative strategy when implementing strength training around running to ensure a gradual increase in volume, allowing the body to adapt and continue progressing both in the gym and on the road.
Aim to perform 2-3 sessions p/week consisting of 2-4 strength training exercises at 40%-70% of your 1RM, plus plyometric accessory work for an 8-12 week period - this approach proved to be a driving factor in improving the running economy of athletes. [3]
Functional, full-body strength training focuses on a combination of compound movements, explosive plyometrics and exercises that mimic running movements. Think squats, lunges, deadlifts, and jumping movements alongside core work for postural improvements.
A runner should weight train 2-3 times a week as a rule of thumb. More than that may impact running performance, especially during peak training.
The rule is if you can perform an extra 2 reps in your last set or 2 workouts in a row, it’s time to increase the weight slightly. This is a good rule to consider when applying progressive overload to your strength training program for runners.
Without a shadow of a doubt! Strength training goes hand-in-hand with mobility for a strong runner. Weight training improves running efficiency, speed, form and posture and helps reduce risk of injury all while helping with overall running performance.
You can start feeling improvements in 4-6 weeks with consistent training. Strengthening the muscles around the knee is key to joint stability which will help reduce knee pain when running. Take a look at our guide to knee-strengthening exercises for runners if your specific goal is to improve knee strength.
Lauersen, J. B., Bertelsen, D. M., & Andersen, L. B. (2014). The effectiveness of exercise interventions to prevent sports injuries: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. British Journal of Sports Medicine, 48(11), 871–877. https://doi.org/10.1136/bjsports-2013-092538
*van der Worp, M. P., ten Haaf, D. S. M., van Cingel, R., de Wijer, A., Nijhuis-van der Sanden, M. W. G., & Staal, J. B. (2015). Injuries in runners: A systematic review on risk factors and sex differences. PLoS ONE, 10(2), e0114937.
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0114937*
*Lännerström, J., Nilsson, L. C., Cardinale, D. A., Björklund, G., & Larsen, F. J. (2020). Effects of plyometric training on soft and hard surfaces for improving running economy. Frontiers in Physiology, 11, 685.
https://doi.org/10.3389/fphys.2020.00685*
*Šuc, A., Šarko, P., Pleša, J., & Kozinc, Ž. (2022). Resistance exercise for improving running economy and running biomechanics and decreasing running-related injury risk: A narrative review. Sports, 10(7), 98.
https://doi.org/10.3390/sports10070098*
*Mosti, M. P., Carlsen, T., Aas, E., Hoff, J., Stunes, A. K., & Syversen, U. (2014). Maximal strength training improves bone mineral density and neuromuscular performance in young adult women. Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research, 28(10), 2935–2945.
https://doi.org/10.1519/JSC.0000000000000493*
*Alexander, J. L. N., Barton, C. J., & Willy, R. W. (2020). Running myth: strength training should be high repetition low load to improve running performance. British Journal of Sports Medicine, 54(18), 1072–1073.
https://doi.org/10.1136/bjsports-2019-101168*
*Gasibat, Q., Alexe, C. I., Raveica, G., Tohănean, D. I., Vasilios, K., & Alexe, D. I. (2021). Decoding hip muscle activation: A comparative electromyographic analysis of turn-out bent knee pulse and single-leg banded glute bridge exercises in healthy female subjects. International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, 18(19), 10315.
https://doi.org/10.3390/ijerph181910315*
*Balsalobre-Fernández, C., Santos-Concejero, J., & Grivas, G. V. (2016). Effects of strength training on running economy in highly trained runners: A systematic review with meta-analysis of controlled trials. Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research, 30(8), 2361–2368.
https://doi.org/10.1519/JSC.0000000000001316*
Machado, A. F., de Castro, J. B. P., Bocalini, D. S., Figueira Junior, A. J., Nunes, R. A. M., & de Souza Vale, R. G. (2019). Effects of plyometric training on the performance of 5-km road runners. Journal of Physical Education and Sport, 19(1), 120-128. DOI:
10.7752/jpes.2019.01099
*Hung, K.-C., Chung, H.-W., Yu, C.-C. W., Lai, H.-C., & Sun, F.-H. (2019). Effects of 8-week core training on core endurance and running economy. Journal of Sports Science and Medicine, 18(3), 557–564.
https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC6407754/*
*Fredericson, M., & Moore, T. (2005). Muscular balance, core stability, and injury prevention for middle- and long-distance runners. Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Clinics of North America, 16(3), 669–689.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pmr.2005.03.001*
*Curovic, I., Grecic, D., Rhodes, D., Alexander, J., & Harper, D. J. (2022). Potential importance of maximal upper body strength-generating qualities and upper body strength training for performance of high-intensity running and jumping actions: A scoping review. Sports, 10(5), 68.
https://doi.org/10.3390/sports10050068*
*Essential Chiropractic. (2023). How poor posture impacts your breathing and what you can do about it.
https://essentialchiropractic.co.uk/how-poor-posture-impacts-your-breathing-and-what-you-can-do-about-it/*
Gymshark Conditioning Club
Viewing 1 - 24 of 24 products
Conditioning Club Shorts
• Conditioning Club graphic to the leg • Ideal for warming up, working out, or rest day • Elasticated drawcord waist
SIZE & FIT • Regular fit • 7 inch inseam • Model is 5'11" and wears a size M
SKU: A2B1K-BB2J
Based on 6 reviews
HeatherR
Fit is great. They are lightweight and breathable.
gym-tester
2
While the overall design and color of the Gymshark Conditioning Club Shorts in Trail Green are visually appealing, the structural elements leave a lot to be desired. The stit... See more
Thanks for your feedback — even when it’s tough to... See more
2 months ago
1-2 of 6 reviews
Sleeveless
Iron Blue/Navy
Viewing 1 - 60 of 114 products
Men's Sleeveless Shirts
Our men's sleeveless shirts effortlessly combine style with substance. Our Drop Arm Sleeveless Hoodie is ready for your most intense workout, thanks to a lightweight and soft blend fabric while our no-nonsense Ark sleeveless shirt gives a refined look. All our sleeveless shirts are designed with performance and comfort in mind, making them the perfect choice for any workout. Pair with shorts for an understated but practical workout look, or with a pair of sweatpants for added comfort. A simple, yet practical sweatshirt will keep your muscles warm.
Workout Tshirts | Long Sleeve Workout Tops | Sweatshirts | Gym Hoodies | Stringers | Gym Tanks | Zip Hoodies | Zip Jackets | Track Tops
Sand Brown
Viewing 1 - 60 of 413 products
Tote Bags
Oat White/Carmine Red
Viewing 1 - 20 of 20 products
Gymshark's Commitment to Accessibility
We are committed to making our website as accessible as possible to everyone. If you are having difficulty viewing or navigating the content, notice any functionality that you believe is not fully accessible to people with disabilities, or have any suggestions on how we might improve our website's accessibility, please contact us here
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. We're an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. As a proud Disability Confident Committed employer, anyone who is considered disabled (under the Equality Act 2010) is given the opportunity for a guaranteed interview* to show their skills, talents, and abilities, as long as they meet the minimum criteria for the role.
We're committed to finding reasonable adjustments* for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind.
We take your feedback seriously and will consider it as we continue to work to improve our website to make it as accessible as possible.
*If you'd like to request a reasonable adjustment, please email talent@gymshark.com, and you can request interview through the Disability Confident on the job application form.
Gymshark Loyalty is the programme that turns the work you put in and the things you buy into early access, exclusive invites and cheeky discounts.
You can earn XP by shopping online, completing workouts over on the Training app or signing up to our texts and emails.
Place an order and you’ll get some free Loyalty points along with your new fits. Earn 8XP for every $1 spent on our website or the Gymshark app.
Sign up for our texts and emails to earn XP (and get stuff you’ll actually want to read). If you're already signed up, we'll add your points automatically for you.
Download the Training app and log your workouts. Complete a workout each week and we’ll give you free XP every time. That’s gym maths.
Everyone starts off at our base tier level. You’ll then climb through the tiers by earning XP. The more you show up, the more you unlock. And the further you progress through the tiers, the better benefits you’ll get.
What’s included?
✓ Birthday reward
✓ Anniversary reward
✓ Exclusive offers
✓ Early access
★ $10 Reward ✓ Tier one benefits
✓ Partnership discounts (coming soon)
✓ Priority access
★ $15 Reward ✓ Tier two benefits
✓ Exclusive access
★ $20 Reward ✓ Tier three benefits
✓ Annual member reward
Gymshark Loyalty is the program that turns the work you put in and the things you buy into early access, exclusive invites and cheeky discounts.
The more you show up, the more you unlock. And the further you progress through the tiers, the better benefits you’ll get.
Basically, they’re experience points. Sounds less cool that way though, so they’ll be referred to as XP on your account.
The more XP you earn, the better benefits you’ll unlock. The goal is to build up your XP and progressively overload your way through the tiers. You won’t be able to spend these points but they will add up towards your tier status. Higher tiers = bigger rewards.
The amount of XP you’ll get varies depending on what you’re up to. For example:
Earn 8XP for every $1 spent
Earn 50XP when you download our shopping app
Earn 25XP when you sign up for our emails
Earn 25XP when you sign up for our texts
Earn 50XP when you download our training app (IOS only)
Earn 10XP when you complete a workout in the training app (up to 50XP a week)
If you sign up to Loyalty before May 31st 2025, any orders you already placed during 2024 will be converted into XP and added to your total. Nice.
As XP is earned based on how much you spend, your points will be deducted if you send an item back. However, if your order pushed you up into a new tier, the points deducted from your return won't bump you back down to the previous one. That means you’ll still keep all your new tier rewards and benefits, as well as your shiny new tier status.
Get in touch with our support team here for any questions you might have, or check out our T&Cs here .
WARDROBE REFRESH
You want fits that keep you focused right? These affordable staples will keep your head in the game.
Wardrobe Refresh
Pebble Grey/Linen Brown
Seasonal Gym Essentials - Gymshark
Shop The Best Sellers
Viewing 1 - 43 of 43 products
Must Have Accessories
Adapt Fleck Seamless Leggings
SKU: B2A1B-NC80
The Best Tank Tops For Men - Bicep Baring & Breathable
07.05.24
Last Edited 07.05.24
Whether you’re chasing PB’s in the weight room or catching rays during an outdoors interval session , a good tank top is a must-have in every man’s gym kit. But with so many types of tank tops out there - from stringers to ribbed cotton singlets, finding the one that works best for your workout and wardrobe can feel like a workout in itself.
Not only do gym tank tops help regulate your body temperature during a sweaty session , they also let you flex the results of your hard work. And let’s be honest, there’s nothing quite like catching your reflection mid-set and seeing those biceps pop - it’s motivation in motion. The right tank isn’t just functional, it’s a muscle-hugging badge of honor.
But men’s tank tops go beyond the gym; they are a staple for everyday wear, whether that’s layering under collared shirt for your day job, or styling with preppy athleisurewear for relaxed summer fashion.
So let’s break down the best men’s tank tops by style and activity. From sweat-wicking tank tops designed for running, to tight compression tank tops for lifting, and cotton singlets, these are the best tank tops for men, and we’ve got your arm workouts covered.
A good tank top should help keep you cool, and generally, wearing something sleeveless will do that. But to be extra sure, look for lightweight, breathable fabrics enhanced with sweat-wicking technology. This will help you stay dry and focused and not-drenched after during hot weather runs, intense cardio or sweaty lifting sessions. Look for features like perforated details or sweat-wicking technology to keep up with you rep after rep.
Whether you go for a slim fit, regular or oversized, the fit of your tank top should complement your body, your outfit, and your movement. It should also feel comfortable to you. Loose fits give you more airflow and are perfect for casual active days, whether that’s a recovery session or light run, while muscle fits hug the physique and can give you a confidence boost seeing your pump on upper-body days.
When it comes to the color of your gym gear, lots of guys like to pick neutral colors like black, grey or white. They’re ultra-versatile and easy to pair with the rest of your workout closet - from running shorts to oversized joggers . But there’s a place for bright colors too - like running tank tops: bright greens and neons can help keep you visible and safe during low-light conditions.
The simple tank top comes in a variety of different styles to suit your style preference and workout needs, and they all fit in different ways. Drop arm tanks are airy and non-restrictive, making them a great choice for workouts where you are working through a large range of motion. If hypertrophy is your main goal, and appearance and aesthetics are everything to you, then it might be a muscle-fit tank you choose for your next push or pull session ; fitting tight to the body and enhancing your physique. There’s a tank for everyone, find out the differences below.
Drop Arm Tank - Perfect for lifters, this style features exaggerated armholes that show off the lats and obliques for better airflow and zero restriction during overhead presses or rows. Typically cut in a slim or regular fit with a crew-neck line.
Muscle Tank - Feature wide straps or slight cap sleeves, and a looser longer fit. Muscle tanks fully cover the back and torso with a racerback design and a higher neckline. Perfect for casual lifting days or styling out of the gym.
Racerback Tank - The racerback shape helps you move freely and can be found across multiple styles of tank tops. Great for yoga or mobility sessions, the racerback offers total shoulder freedom. It’s also a flattering cut for showcasing your upper back and traps.
Ribbed Tank -
These are form-fitting, scoop-neck tanks often made from a ribbed fabric. A nod to vintage lifting style. Soft, stretchy, and snug -often worn for both gym and lifestyle.
Stringer -
lf you’ve been working on your
barbell bicep curls
, the stringer is the ultimate way to show off your progress with low armholes, and an extreme racerback to highlight back muscles.
Compression Tank -
Think second skin support, compression tanks are ultra fitted and hug your muscles, keeping everything secure. They can help with performance,
muscle awareness
and reduce distractions during workouts. Bonus: they layer easily under tees and long sleeves as base layers when its cold out.
The Best Men's Gym Tank Tops by Style And Activity
Let’s be real, tank tops aren’t for everyone. And even if they’re a little bit out your comfort zone, that’s totally fine. But we’ll say this; you don’t need to be jacked to rock a tank. Don’t deny yourself of a cooler workout option when the sun’s out or the gym’s hot, tank tops are for everyone whether you’re just getting into weightlifting, or you’re pushing PB’s like it’s your day job.
Taking your gym performance out of the equation, summer fashion for men is when tank tops really shine. During the warmer-months, styling tank tops with cargo shorts , boxy short sleeve shirts and lightweight vests becomes a part of the everyday uniform. From soft cotton tanks made for relaxed summer days, to old-school ribbed vests that double as streetwear staples, tank tops pull a double-duty - in and out of the gym.
So whether you’re training for size or blessed with bulging biceps, why not show off your hours spent in the free-weight corner? We’ve rounded up the best men’s tank tops for the gym - by style and training type.
Be warned though, you might have to work harder to beat the skipping leg day allegations….
Best Muscle Tank
The Oversized Performance Tank gives you the edge of a DIY muscle tank with a fresh oversized fit for extra comfort and style. Even though the shoulder straps are wide, the way this one falls over the traps and does a great job of showing off your hard-earned gains. The raw-cut armholes hit that sweet spot where your upper arms look extra stacked.
This one’s for the lifters who prioritize comfort and a silhouette that doesn’t hold you back. With a high-stretch fabric and loose design, you’ll move with ease, whether you’re overhead pressing or warming up your shoulders .
Wear with: Our wide-leg Pumper Pants for peak comfort and relaxed gym bro energy.
Best Cotton Tank Top
For those who like their workout tank tops with a side of softness, the Crest Tank delivers. This is a classic cut tank, with a comfortable regular fit, not too tight, not too loose. Perfect for those of you who like the worn-in feel of an old cotton tee to work out in but styled for training.
Wear it for lifting, layering lounging by the pool, playing volleyball on the beach or BBQ weekends. Basically, if you’re looking for a gym tank that works just as well out of the gym, this one’s your guy.
Wear with: Soft Rest Day Essentials Shorts to match the chill cotton vibes for your next workout.
Best Ribbed Tank (Singlet)
Ribbed tank tops (aka singlets) are having a comeback after having a bit of a bad rep, and we’re 100% here for it. The Ribbed Tank is soft, fitted and versatile - ideal for layering or wearing solo in the heat. Pair with gym shorts or baggy pumper pants for the coolest (in more ways than one) summer gym ‘fits.
Beyond the gym? Layer singlets under thin button-down shirts, or use styled fashionably underneath overshirts, jackets, or flannel shirts.
Wear with: Heritage Joggers for an 80’s-inspired gym fit.
Best Compression Tank
When it comes to high-intensity workouts, the more weightless your outfit feels, the better. The Element Tank offers second-skin compression and is designed to support your muscles while you train. Close-fit tanks are great for layering during cold-weather workouts , or lifting sessions to feel that pump. The sweat-wicking fabric keeps you dry, while the fitted design helps you feel locked in. An extra bonus? Compression fit tanks can help with recovery and performance too.
Wear with: Sleek Element Baselayer Shorts for a functional, no-nonsense performance ‘fit.
Best Tank For Running
Light, breathable, and designed to move with you the Running Tank is your go-to for clocking up miles. Whether you’re hitting the pavement or trails, this tank is all about freedom of movement. With lightweight fabric and a fit that won’t ride up or cling, it’s made for Fartlek runs , intervals , and even race day.
Plus, it dries fast, so you’re not stuck in a soggy tank by the end of your session. Trust us, once you’ve worn a proper running tank, you won’t go back to cotton tees (especially not grey).
Wear with: Our lightweight Running Shorts to go the distance without dragging you down.
Best Everyday Gym Tank
Your everyday tank top is the tank you pack for those workouts where you haven’t decided what you want to do. Run, a quick functional workout, or a heavy lifting sesh? You want a tank top that will do it all, and for that, we turn to Arrival. A classic design, light-weight, sweat-wicking, and available in many colors, choose the Arrival Tank for whatever the workout.
Wear with: Our classic Arrival Shorts for a clean set that you can keep on rotation whatever the training day.
Best Breathable Tank Top For Cardio
Cardio can be hard enough without your kit holding you back. That’s why the Apex Seamless Tank is a solid pick when it come’s to breathability and performance. Designed with sweat-wicking tech, targeted ventilation and a seamless finish, this men’s tank is smooth, featherlight and distraction-free. From KB cardio workouts to treadmill LISS , this tank is all about helping you stay focused. No overheating, no rubbing, just the battle between you and cardio.
Wear with: Our hybrid Apex Hybrid Shorts, made for every workout, and perfectly ventilated for cardio.
Best Tank Top For Lifting Weights
The Legacy Drop Arm tank is our best choice for the classic lifter. Branded with our iconic Legacy logo front and centre and a raw-cut drop arm design, this is a nod to lifters past, with a modern twist. It has wide arm holes so that you never feel restricted during your upper body day pump. Back and biceps might just become your favorite workout when flexing is so easy…
Wear with: A pair of old-school Legacy Shorts for a full throwback look worthy of arm day selfies.
Best Stringer Tank Top To Show Off Gains
Sometimes, less in the more, and that’s the energy the Heavy Duty Stringer brings. This is one of the best tank tops for men who train hard and lift heavy. With ultra-thin straps and a deep scoop front, this tank is made to highlight your chest , shoulders and back. Whether you’re on a summer cut or your feeling yourself after an upper-body pump, a stringer tank top let’s you flex to the max. It’s breathable, minimal and 100% unapologetic.
Wear with: Our Lifting Mesh Shorts, hoochie daddy length to show off the quad work too.
It depends on how you like your gym gear to fit. If you prefer a looser, more relaxed fit, sizing up can be a great move, especially with cotton or regular fit tank tops. If the tank already fits oversized, don’t size up. But if you want a more sculpted, fitted look, stick to your regular size.
It all depends on the style of tank tops. Compression and ribbed tanks are designed to be snug, while oversized and cotton tanks are made for comfort. Find what feels comfortable for you and your workout. For running, you might want something more looser, for lifting, a tighter fit can keep the distractions to a minimum when picking up weights or stacking plates.
A good tank top should fit comfortably at your shoulders, skim over your chest (not squeeze), and hit around your hip level. The armholes on a tank top shouldn’t gape too much, unless it’s a drop-arm style, but they should give you enough freedom to move freely.
Unspoken rules seem to dominate the fitness world, and for some reason, tank tops have been frowned upon or considered attention-seeking. But we’re here to tell you to shake those stereotypes. It is more than okay to wear tank tops to the gym. The truth is, men’s tanks are just another piece of clothing, and as long as you are comfortable in what you wear and your form isn’t impeded, you can wear whatever you like.
Men’s tank tops can be worn for all types of sports: weightlifting, running, yoga, pilates, or functional workouts, you name it. The advantage of wearing sleeveless tank tops to workout out in is that they will keep you cool, a little less restricted in the arm area, and therefore more comfortable. Tight-fit tank tops like our Ribbed Tank are perfect for everyday styling, while the looser styles are more popular for the gym.
You can wear them as a base layer in the colder months, worn under jumpers, sweatshirts, t-shirts, and hoodies. Alternately, they’re a must in the Summer, worn alone as a lightweight layer or under button-up shirts in cotton or linen. And they’re a comfy choice for your rest days, paired with sweat-shorts or sweatpants for a relaxed loungewear look.
Muscle shirts (or muscle tanks) have wider straps and lower-cut armholes, giving them a relaxed, vintage look, like a DIY'd tee. They’re usually looser than regular tanks, which tend to have thinner straps, a closer fit, and a more athletic silhouette.
Go for a muscle shirt if you want that laid-back pump cover vibe. Pick a regular tank for a classic, fitted workout look.
Stringers tend to lean more into vest territory than tanks, and this is purely down to the size of the straps. You may associate a stringer vest with the old-school bodybuilding scene, and you would be correct as the stringer has been a staple of the lifting community from the early beginnings. A stringer vest allows for a wide range of movement as it features thin straps, a low neckline, and low scooping arm holes for less restriction, and a Y-back design to accentuate the back muscles. The fabric hangs loosely off the body and is typically made from cotton to minimize sweating and irritation, making them a popular choice for weightlifters.
How do sweat-wicking shirts work exactly? Find out the benefits of wearing them and if they’re really worth it.
Never miss a new drop when you hit the button below and download the Gymshark App to shop!
In your hybrid era? So are we. Which is why we’ve developed our women’s hybrid gym clothing to survive the toughest session–whether you’re on the track or at the barbell. Leggings strong enough to survive rope climbs, bras supportive enough to withstand every burpee, and shorts that don’t fall down (or ride up) on the toughest run. Our hybrid ‘fits are strong, fast, and functional–just like you.
Gym Leggings
Viewing 1 - 60 of 99 products
Women’s Hybrid Training Outfits
If you’re a hybrid girl , you know what hard work means. Heading out on a run (even when it’s raining), pushing yourself to lift that little bit heavier (even when it’s tough), or racing against your bestie during an intense AMRAP.
You need hybrid gym clothing that works with you and doesn’t hold you back–whether you’re lifting, running, or recovering.
Shorts that are lightweight enough to keep you cool, but thick enough to be fully squat proof. Leggings that provide enough protection to prevent inner thigh chaffing, and minimise bruising on your shins during deadlifts, cleans or snatches.
Sports bras that give full support during burpee broad jumps, and breathable tank tops that you can throw on over the top (and quickly take off as soon as things get a little heated!).
Mix and match as you wish–but don’t forget to coordinate a matching hybrid workout set with your workout bestie if you have a doubles race coming up soon.
From gym floor to finish line, our women’s functional fitness clothing is designed so nothing holds you back from your best. Ready to give it a go?
Complete your activewear ensemble with our women's workout jackets. These versatile pieces are designed to keep you warm and on-trend, whether you're headed to the gym or out for a run. With fashion-forward designs and practicality in mind, our workout jackets are the perfect addition to your fitness wardrobe.
Warm Lilac
Deep Brown
Bros Indigo Blue Marl
Cozy Brown Marl
Bros Heritage Pink Marl
Dollar Green
Blue Marl
Valley Pink/Sour Pink
Black/Yellow
Viewing 1 - 57 of 57 products
Women's Workout Jackets
Shop zip jackets for women here. Explore our collection of zip jackets which combine functional fabrics and shape enhancing silhouettes to make them the perfect workout and gym zip jackets.
We have a huge selection of colours and designs to suit any style, from the classic black zip jacket which is a gym wardrobe essential, to colourful zip jackets to go with every look. You can even find graphic zip jackets with our adapt and elevate ranges, which are perfect for the days when you’re feeling bold and powerful.
Breathable materials and soft fabrics combine with flattering fits to help you feel good and lift better. Full zip jackets allow you to adjust the zip according to your temperature during your workout, or you may even want to have it open to show off your sports bra. Whilst our ½ zip- jackets and ¼ zip jackets offer ventilation as well as style.
Our workout zip jackets aren’t just great for indoors workouts, they are perfect for outdoor workouts too as they are designed to help you to prepare for a range of climates. So not even the elements can get in the way of your training.
Here you can find zip track jackets as well as zip sport gilets which can offer you freedom of movement while insulating warmth around your torso, making them ideal for frosty winter workouts. We also have zip up windbreakers which offer a level of protection from harsh winds whilst also staying breathable to keep you comfortable, perfect for a trail run. You may find features such as reflective detailing, making them great running zip jackets for the night-time.
For the days when training simply isn’t on the cards, get cosy in our as our fluffy and fleece zip jackets that can make rest day that bit more snug.
Our range of zip jackets are so versatile. Throw them over a sports bra or vest for an extra layer. You could wear them with a leggings or joggers joggers depending on how you’re feeling.
Crop Tops | Workout Tshirts | Long Sleeve Workout Tops | Sweatshirts | Gym Hoodies | Sleeveless Gym Tops | High Impact Sports Bras | Medium Impact Sports Bras | Low Impact Sports Bras | Zip Hoodies | Matching Gym Sets
Level Up Your Workouts With The Gymshark Training App
12.02.20
Last Edited 03.30.21
The Gymshark Training App
Bringing the biggest gymshark athletes to a pocket-sized app – The Gymshark Training App gives you access to over 450 free workouts and programmed training plans from the best in the industry. Whether it’s chest day , cardio’s on the cards, or you need to stretch out your muscles with a yoga flow , The Gymshark Training App can help you get there – by your side through the tough sessions and the recovery ones.
Unlocking your potential starts here. Let's get to work.
How It Works
Pick Your Program: Tell us your goal, we’ll help you get there. We’ve joined forces with the top Gymshark athletes and fitness professionals, building tailored plans to suit your schedule, preferences, and goals.
Plan Your Training: Want to do your own thing? No problem. Build your own workouts and training plans from our library, featuring over 700 exercises.
Track Your Progress: From the small wins to the big ones, track your progress in one place with visual graphs that map out your 1-rep max across key lifts. You can also track your workout progress and keep up to date with challenges.
. . .
Choose a one-off workout or get going with a structured workout plan.
Option to build your own plan using our exercise library of over 700 movements.
Bookmark your favorite workouts, plans, and creators for quick access when it's time to train.
Step-by-step exercise videos.
Track your workouts & record your sets, reps, and weight.
Record PBs across fundamental lifts (squat, bench, deadlift) with visual graphs to show progress over time.
100% free, with no ads or additional charges.
Choose Your Path, And Train Your Way
They say it takes 66 days to form a habit; we believe it takes 66 days to change your life – but why stop there? #Gymshark66 was bigger than ever this year, so it’s here to stay. Whether you joined us already, or you’re looking to get started, all you need to do is choose three daily habits : Tick them off, every day, for 66 days. Easy as that.
Whether you’re a bodybuilder trying to refine your muscles, a powerlifter chasing their next PB, or a beginner who’s never stepped up to the squat rack before, The Gymshark Training App has strength training programs for every level and ability. Up your skills on a particular lift and test your 1 rep max with a dedicated PB program, or embark on a plan that targets overall strength – our free workout plans will help you get there.
Take your aerobic and anaerobic capacity to new heights with fast intervals, functional training, or a longer endurance sesh. Carefully created free programs, designed for total physique and performance development. Choose your training frequency and pick your coach to get started. No gym? No problem, we have ‘at home’ plans too!
Take a look at our men’s Best Moisture Wicking T-Shirts so you train your hardest with no setbacks.
Get your legs ready to set the pace with pre-run mobility, or take a break from your desk and flow through a yoga session. The Gymshark Training App features free mobility, stretching, and meditation classes in a video follow-along format, leaving you more mobile, recovered, and ready to take on anything that comes your way.
Looking for a new outfit? Check out our Best Sports Bras For Yoga
Sure, we love being in the gym, but you don’t need a gym to train. Smash a cardio session, take on some core conditioning, or build your strength by practicing accessory work. Whether you have dumbbells, resistance bands, or no equipment at all, our coaches are on hand to help you get a good workout in, wherever you are.
Creators
To be the best, you need to learn from the best. We’ve teamed up with the best athletes who lead in their field to curate tailored workout plans that you can access for free from your pocket.
The Top Rated Free Workout App
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 4.8 out of 5 stars (Based on 8K ratings in App Store, March 2024)
The best workout app by far
I have searched high and low for decent, free strength training information and have finally found it in this app.
I love that you can choose preset workouts or browse individual exercises and set your own workout. It takes me through my workout and timed my rest periods. The exercises are split into specific muscle groups which is great for beginners.
All in all, this app is awesome!
Best free fitness app!
I have only used the app a couple of times but I’ve been a Gymshark fan for years. The app is like no other! Free workouts for all levels of fitness with the ability to track your training and all the demos you need.
No need to buy into plans you are unsure will work. Pick the workouts you want and you’re able to look through workouts first to make sure it’s for you!
You got it absolutely spot on! Wouldn’t use any other training app 😍
Amazing Fitness App
I would highly recommend using this app! I love using it to plan my workouts as it allows you to make your own and keep track of how many sets you do/progression! I also love being able to use the pre-made workouts on there for days that I feel like switching up my workouts!
Download And Start Training – For Free!
So you’ve got your session sorted, what about the outfit? Download the Gymshark Shopping App to get everything you need to hit your next workout: From sports bras to running shorts, lifting belts to yoga mats.
All You Need to Know
Yes! At Gymshark, we exist to unite the conditioning community. We know that to go further, we need to do it together, which is why all features of the app are completely free . We want to help as many people as possible on their conditioning journey so we’ve teamed up with the best athletes and coaches, to bring free workouts to the palm of your hand.
This is going to depend on your training level, goals, and availability! As a general guideline, it is recommended individuals undertake at least 150 minutes of moderate aerobic activity a week or get at least 75 minutes of vigorous aerobic activity a week . On top of that, it is recommended to train all the major muscle groups at least two times a week.
For a beginner, this might sound like a lot! Two or three sessions would be a good place to start initially, with a mixture of resistance training and cardio sessions. If you are experienced, you might be looking at 5 or even 6 days a week – but don’t forget to factor in some rest and recovery too! Under ‘Plans’, you can select the days per week to suit you.
Yes! We know the gym can seem intimidating, but The Gymshark Training App is here to help and guide you! On each workout and plan, we list the experience level (from beginner to intermediate), allowing you to choose a session to match your experience. Videos of each exercise will guide you on exactly how to perform the movements (so don’t worry about looking silly in front of your gym crush). If you’re new to lifting, check out the ‘Gym Safety’ section too – this will guide you on how to set up and use key pieces of equipment, including the squat rack and leg press.
A workout is a single session of training, completed against a set training goal.
A workout plan/program is multiple sessions of training, structured over weeks/months against a set training goal.
Select ‘Settings’
Select ‘Units of measure’
Choose and set your preferred units
Within the workout, tap on the rest timer icon and select a time that suits you.
When you begin a workout, you’ll see it recommends rep or time targets. These are set by our athletes/coaches and are the targets they recommend to achieve optimum results from the workout. That’s not to say you need to completely stick to these though! It’s easy to adjust your reps or time during the workout to tailor it to you. Then you can track your progress over time to see how you improve!
Thanks to new updates to the app, all 1 rep maxes are recorded automatically!
Head to the 'Progress' tab to see PBs for fundamental lifts (squat, bench, deadlift) in easy-to-follow graphs
These will be automatically updated every time you hit a new PB in your workout! It's as easy as that.
Select the ‘Create’ tab, select ‘Workouts’ and click 'Create a Workout'
Name your workout and add the exercises you want from the exercise library
Next, add your reps, sets, and weights for each exercise
Select ‘Save Workout’
Your workout is now ready to start!
Select the ‘Create’ tab, select ‘Plans’ and click 'Create a Plan'
Name your plan, and then name the first workout.
Add the exercises to your workout from the exercise library, as above. Add your reps, sets, and weights.
Add as many workouts as you want, then click ‘Save Plan’
Your plan is now ready! Select ‘Start Workout’ within your desired plan when you’re ready to start.
No problem! You can create a custom exercise.
Select the ‘Create’ tab, select ‘Workouts’ and click 'Create a Workout' and give your workout a name
In the exercise selection, Select the ‘+’
Name your new exercise
Select body part and exercise type
Select ‘Save Exercise’
You can now add your custom exercise to your workout.
You can create a superset, giant set, or circuit when creating a custom workout by selecting multiple exercises. Selecting 2 exercises creates a superset, selecting 3 exercises creates a giant set, and selecting 4 exercises creates a circuit. All you need to do is select what you desire and select 'Create Superset'; 'Create Giant Set'; 'Create Circuit'.
Select the ‘Create’ tab, and click ‘Plans’
Select the custom plan you would like to edit
Select the 3 dots on the custom plan you want to edit
Select ‘Edit’
From here you can edit the plan name, delete any exercise not required, or add new exercises to your workout. You can also adjust the reps, sets, and weights for each exercise
Select ‘Save Workout’ and then 'Save Plan'
Select ‘Start Workout’ when you’re ready to begin
Unfortunately, we only offer The Gymshark Training App in English at the moment.
Don't panic! You don't need to have WIFI or data to be able to use The Gymshark Training App. WIFI and data allow you to preview (watch) exercise tutorials but rest assured, you'll still be able to access all of the workout plans, with detailed instructions for each exercise, without data.
Head to Privacy Settings on your iOS device Settings, then select Health. From there, make sure The Gymshark Training App is switched on/off to 'Allow Gymshark to write data’.
Not yet! Keep your eyes peeled though, watch compatibility is something we're working on.
Got a question about The Gymshark Training App that wasn't answered above? Drop us a comment below and we'll get back to you!
Sign up to the Gymshark newsletter for the latest news and exclusive deals!
Hijab
Hijabs
No matter the workout, our sports bras have your back. Designed to keep you supported and to limit distractions whether you're going for heavy lifts, sweating your way through a HIIT session, or enjoying a rest day. Choose from a range of support options, features and designs to find the perfect workout bra to suit your needs and style.
HIGH SUPPORT
For more high impact training like running or HIIT.
MEDIUM SUPPORT
Keeps you comfy & supported for training with a little less bounce.
LIGHT SUPPORT
For training with little to no bounce, like yoga, rest day or light lifting.
MINIMAL SPORTS BRAS
Comfy & shows off your upper body. It’s the gym girl’s fave sports bra.
HALTER NECK SPORTS BRAS
The best way to show off your back.
LONGLINE SPORTS BRAS
A longer length for a little extra coverage.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 290 products
Women’s Sports Bras & Gym Bras
Feel totally supported with our range of sports bras. Whether you're logging miles on the treadmill or pushing for a PB lifting weights, you’ll find a range of different workout bras at Gymshark.
Supporting you through every workout
With soft stretch materials and an unrestricted fit, our range of sports bras give you the natural range of motion you need to push your workout to the next level, without compromising on support. The girls will be held in place, without feeling like your movement is restricted.
The technology in our gym bras helps you put 100% into your workout. Features include seamless design for zero distractions, adjustable straps for the perfect fit, sweat-wicking and breathable materials for a cooler workout and removal pads or moulded cups that allow you to choose the level of support you require. Our sports bras really are there for you and yours.
Comfort doesn’t compromise style
We can kit you out and help you look the part. Our gym bras come in a range of styles, shapes and colours as we know everyone is different with different needs.
Choose from subtle shades to bright and bold, or block colours to more daring patterns. Choose from high neck sports bras to minimal sports bras , bralettes to longline sports bras , backless sports bras to racerback sports bras and everything in between. We really do have a sports bra for you all.
Sports Bra FAQs
We’ve answered all of your sports bra questions.
Yes. Whatever kind of exercise you are doing, it’s important to wear a sports bra over a regular bra. Choosing the right gym bra for your workout is integral to protecting your breasts when exercising. A good sports bra should help to keep them supported throughout your workout.
Choose from low impact sports bras , medium impact sports bras or high impact sports bras depending on the intensity of your workout or sport.
A workout bra needs to fit more tightly than a regular bra. They should be snug but not restrictive.
Featured
01
02
03
04
05
08.07.25
08.05.25
08.04.25
07.30.25
Viewing 0 - 5 of 343 articles
Product
Fitness
Health
Get the latest Gymshark news, events, and stories directly to your inbox and never miss a drop again!
All Headwear
Explore our headwear collection, which includes a range of hats, hair accessories and more. Whether you're braving the weather outside or in the gym, our gym hats and headwear can help prevent distractions by keeping hair and sweat away from your face during your workouts, whilst ensuring you're still looking fresh. Elevate your look and protect yourself from the elements with Gymshark headwear.
Firefly Green
Viewing 1 - 51 of 51 products
Workout Hats
Put your lifting hat on. Whether you’re accessorising your workout or hiding a bad hair day, our collection of snapbacks, caps and beanies are everything you need. Including our wide range of New Era trucker hats, adjustable snapbacks and bobble beanies.
All Accessories | Gym Beanies | Gym Caps | Bottles | Gym Equipment | Lifting Accessories | Lifting Accessories | All Socks | Crew Socks | Quarter Socks | All Bags | Gym Backpacks | Gym Duffel Bags | Small Gym Bags
Pilates Outfits
Feel strong and get ready to work your core with our women’s Pilates clothes. With Pilates leggings, bras and matching sets in a range of buttery soft, sweat-wicking fabrics, these pieces will easily take you from studio wear to streetwear. These confidence boosting Pilates fits are designed to move with you, so you can focus on what matters: mastering the mat and nailing those tricky transitions.
Yoga Clothes
Yoga Pants
Athleisure
Viewing 1 - 60 of 108 products
Women’s Pilates Clothes & Pilates Outfits
We’ve all felt the struggle of sagging, sweaty sportswear that feels destined to put you off your Pilates game. Wave goodbye to distracting Pilates outfits with second-skin-style activewear that leaves you free to put your all into perfecting every movement.
Whether you’re a pink Pilates princess or are preparing for your first Reformer class, our moisture-wicking, comfy women’s Pilates clothes will keep you feeling fresh as you find your flow.
Our Pilates leggings and shorts are soft, breathable and guaranteed to stay put as you bend and stretch. Tired of leggings that dig into all the wrong places? Try our smooth, seamless options with elasticated waistbands, designed to provide maximum comfort, so you won’t need to keep adjusting mid-class.
Pair some of our leggings, made for Pilates, with a crop top , bralette or a sports bra for locked-in support with zero restrictions. Or throw on an oversized tee and hoodie for a relaxed look that’s perfect for post-session lounging. With more freedom to bend and stretch, you’ll conquer those Reformer challenges in no time.
With colours and designs to suit every vibe, our range of cute Pilates activewear and workout sets will support you on every step of your Pilates glow-up.
The 10 Best Dumbbell Exercises For Stronger Legs
07.16.25
Last Edited 07.15.25
We hate skipping leg day–but we’ve all had those days when we’ve walked into the gym and every barbell rack and machine you had planned is busy.
Or, you finish work late and settle for a quick at-home leg workout. You know that bodyweight training can work, but you want this to be the year you really grow those quads or shape your glutes.
Enter the dumbbell–one of the best, most versatile pieces of gym equipment you’re probably not paying nearly enough attention to.
It’s the solution to your busy gym day fiasco (’shy girl’–or guy–workout unlocked) or the step up you need from the bodyweight workouts to really start seeing those gains.
Minimal equipment needed, little space required, big results gained (trust us).
Whether you’re seeking a full dumbbell only leg workout or some accessory dumbbell leg exercises after a compound lift to maximize training volume, we’ve got the answers. Welcome to the world of dumbbell leg exercises (once you’ve started, you’ll never look back).
Barbells have always been regarded as ‘best’ when it comes to strength and muscle growth, but there’s no doubt dumbbell leg exercises can give the barbell a pretty good run for its money.
The best leg workouts with dumbbells will have you working up a serious sweat and feeling that deep, satisfying soreness—aka DOMS —in your quads , glutes , and hammies for days afterward. But did you know there are actually a few more reasons why you should consider swapping the barbell for dumbbells?
Compared to barbells or bodyweight leg exercises, performing leg exercises with dumbbells comes with the following benefits:
They allow for a more natural range of motion compared to using a barbell (which locks the hands and arms into a fixed position). This reduces stress on joints by allowing the body to move freely.
They give the ability to work each side independently. This is useful for identifying and fixing muscle imbalances.
They unlock greater muscle-building potential than bodyweight alone, and progressions are easy by increasing load over time.
Dumbbells are easier to learn and safer to drop
than barbells, making them a beginner-friendly way to add weight without using machines or barbells.
They are ideal for at home dumbbell leg workout or those busy gym days when you want an effective workout with minimal equipment and little space .
Feeling convinced? Get ready for the 10 best dumbbell leg exercises you won’t want to skip on your next leg day.
10 Best Dumbbell Leg Exercises
If you’re looking for a dumbbell squat exercise at home or in the gym, the goblet squat is probably the first dumbbell leg exercise to come to mind. This is, without doubt, one of the most popular variations. Using a single dumbbell held close to the chest, it targets the quads, glutes, hamstrings , and core while also challenging your upper body to stabilise the weight.
For beginners, it’s an easy way to add resistance to a bodyweight squat, with the dumbbell positioning encouraging proper form and being a lot less intimidating compared to using a barbell.
For more advanced lifters, the goblet squat will help improve mobility (making it easier to sit deeper into the squat), build leg strength, and provide a way to add volume to training.
How To Do Goblet Squats:
Take hold of a dumbbell vertically (so one end points up and the other points down). Cup the top end (the upper weight plate) with both hands, like you’re holding a goblet or a heavy trophy. Hold the dumbbell close to your chest, just below chin level, keeping your elbows close to your sides, not flared out.
Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart or slightly wider. Depending on comfort and mobility, your toes can point slightly outward, around 10–30 degrees.
Brace your core (imagine you are preparing to be punched in the stomach). Keep your spine neutral and shoulders pulled slightly back.
Lower into the squat, pushing your hips back and down like sitting in a chair. Let your knees track over your toes (not caving inward). Keep the weight close to your chest and your torso upright. Go as low as your mobility allows—ideally, thighs parallel to the floor or lower, with elbows between your thighs.
Drive through your heels to stand up. Squeeze your glutes at the top without overextending your back.
Variation: Looking to fire up your glutes and inner thighs (adductors) more? 🍑 Take your into a wide sumo stance , with toes turned out more (around 30–45°). This position improves hip mobility and will target your glutes more intensely.
Another powerful squat variation is the dumbbell front squat, which uses a pair of dumbbells held on the shoulders. This exercise is particularly effective at targeting the quads, but also works the glutes, and hamstrings while challenging your core and upper back [1].
Compared to goblet squats, this dumbbell leg exercise is slightly more demanding on the shoulders, arms, and posture and requires greater core engagement to stabilize both weights. However, dumbbell front squats have the potential for greater loading, making them ideally suited to those training for hypertrophy or strength.
Rack the dumbbells: Hold a dumbbell in each hand at shoulder height, palms facing in or slightly forward, with elbows tucked under the weights.
Set your stance: Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart, with your toes turned out slightly.
Brace your core: Keep your chest up and engage your core to maintain an upright torso.
Lower into a squat: Push your hips back and bend your knees to lower into a squat, keeping the dumbbells steady and elbows high.
Drive back up: Press through your heels to stand, squeezing your glutes at the top.
Whether it’s a strength-focused leg workout or a higher-intensity conditioning session, dumbbell walking lunges are a powerful movement that shouldn’t be skipped. Firing up the glutes, quads, and hamstrings, this dumbbell leg exercise is as much loved by bodybuilders who want to build and define their legs as it is by Hyrox -er’s wanting to increase muscular endurance. If that wasn’t enough, dumbbell walking lunges will also massively improve your balance, coordination, and core stability — essential for every compound lift, sport, and real-world movement that demands strength and control.
Dumbbell walking lunges are ideal midway or towards the end of a workout. Pair them in a circuit or superset to add volume and intensity to your lower body dumbbell workout.
How To Do Dumbbell Walking Lunges:
Hold a dumbbell in each hand at your sides with arms fully extended (suitcase grip).
Stand tall with feet hip-width apart, core braced, and shoulders back.
Step forward with one leg and lower your back knee toward the floor, keeping the front knee above the ankle.
Push through the front heel to rise and bring your back foot forward into the next step.
Repeat alternating legs as you move forward in a controlled, steady rhythm.
Bulgarian split squats are one of those dumbbell leg exercises you love to hate — they burn like crazy but deliver incredible results for strength and balance. This single-leg exercise targets the quads, glutes, hamstrings, and core while putting your balance and stability to the test as your rear leg is placed on a bench or box. It’s a challenging (and painful) exercise, but it’s really one of the best you can include in your dumbbell leg workouts.
Our favorite way to load this exercise is using two dumbbells held in each hand. This allows for balance and stability without restricting movement. Alternatively, if you’re limited on equipment (for example, if you’re doing your leg workouts at home ), you could use a single dumbbell in a goblet hold position (help close to your chest with both hands cupping the top plate), or hold one dumbbell in the opposite hand to your workout leg (this challenges your balance and stability more).
Stand about 2 feet in front of a bench or elevated surface, holding a dumbbell in each hand by your sides.
Place the top of your back foot on the bench behind you.
Keep your chest up and core braced as you bend your front knee, lowering your body until your front thigh is parallel to the ground.
Ensure your front knee stays in line with your toes and does not travel past them.
Push through the heel of your front foot to return to standing, fully extending your front leg.
Variation: For greater glute engagement, lean forward with your torso as you descend (rather than staying upright) and drive through your heel on your working leg as you stand back up. You could also try elevating your front foot to increase the range of motion.
The simple exercise you didn’t know you needed–dumbbell step-ups torch your quads and glutes while challenging your stability and coordination. By stepping onto a raised platform while holding dumbbells, you replicate a natural movement pattern in daily activities and sports, making it effective and practical. As a unilateral exercise, dumbbell step-ups improve single-leg stability and power, making them particularly useful for runners, soccer players, or those doing combat sports.
How to Do Dumbbell Step-Ups:
Hold a dumbbell in each hand by your sides with your arms fully extended.
Stand facing a sturdy bench or platform at knee height or slightly lower.
Step onto the platform with one foot, pressing through the heel to lift your body.
Bring your trailing leg up to stand tall on the platform, fully extending your hips and knees.
Step down carefully and repeat on the opposite leg, maintaining control throughout.
A functional fitness staple that will fill you with dread anytime you see it crop up in a workout. This brutal exercise blends a squat and push press to work multiple muscles throughout the body with minimal equipment. It’s the definition of a quad burner, but this exercise is as much a mental challenge as a physical one, demanding focus, coordination, and grit. Thrusters spike your heart rate, burn your legs and shoulders, and leave you gasping for breath–but that’s what makes them so great.
How To Do Dumbbell Thrusters:
Start in a front-rack position, holding a dumbbell in each hand at shoulder height, elbows pointing slightly forward.
Lower into a squat, keeping your chest up, driving your knees out, and keeping your heels planted.
Explosively push through your heels to stand up.
As you rise, use the momentum to press the dumbbells overhead in one fluid motion.
Lower the dumbbells back to your shoulders and immediately move into the next rep.
You’re probably familiar with this foundational posterior chain exercise, which is one of the best for engaging the hamstrings, as well as activating the glutes and lower back. Unlike traditional deadlifts that start from the floor, RDLs focus on the lowering phase and require a controlled stretch in the hamstrings, making them ideal for muscle development, injury prevention, and improving athletic power.
Dumbbell RDLs are ideal as a primary exercise or accessory movement during any dumbbell leg workout, particularly for those wanting to build strength in their posterior chain, beginners looking to master the hip-hinge movement, or runners, field athletes, and lifters looking to prevent hamstring injuries.
How To Do Dumbbell RDLs:
Hold a dumbbell in each hand in front of your thighs with a neutral grip (palms facing your body).
Stand tall with feet hip-width apart, soft knees, and core braced.
Hinge at the hips, pushing them back as the dumbbells lower in front of your legs — keep your back flat and chest open.
Lower until you feel an intense stretch in your hamstrings (usually mid-shin), without rounding your spine.
Drive your hips forward to return to standing, squeezing your glutes at the top.
This unilateral deadlift variation will test your balance and control while targeting the glutes, hamstrings, and lower back to a greater degree than the conventional bilateral deadlift [2]. This movement trains the posterior chain in a functional, athletic way by hinging at the hips while standing on one leg and holding a dumbbell (or two). Single-leg deadlifts are particularly suited to athletes who need stable hips and single-leg strength (e.g., runners , football players, and gymnasts). They also help lifters identify and work on strength imbalances between legs, improving symmetry and preventing injury.
How to Do Single-Leg Dumbbell Deadlifts
Hold a dumbbell in one hand (opposite of the standing leg) or one in each hand, arms hanging naturally by your sides.
Shift your weight to one leg, keeping a soft knee and core engaged. As you do so, lift the opposite foot and place your toes on the floor in line with the heel of the other foot.
Hinge at the hips, lowering the dumbbell(s) down the front of your standing leg as your back leg extends straight behind you. Keep your spine long and your gaze focused on the floor a few feet ahead.
Maintain a flat back and square shoulders. Lower until you feel a stretch through the standing leg's hamstring—stop before your spine starts to round.
Drive through the heel of your standing leg to return to the upright position, squeezing your glutes at the top and keeping control throughout the movement.
Variation : If you find balancing difficult, try a b-stance deadlift. In this stance, you place one foot back about 6–12 inches, placing just the toes on the ground, keeping the weight mostly through your front foot. Instead of lifting the back leg, keep the toes planted on the ground for stability.
This one’s for the glutes (and is even better done with a pair of scrunch butt leggings on)–dumbbell glute bridges level up the traditional bodyweight movement, strengthening and isolating the glutes and hamstrings. All you need is a single dumbbell placed across your hips–and to make things even more challenging, add a heavy resistance band above your knees.
This exercise works well as a warm-up for any dumbbell leg workout, improving glute activation prior to exercises such as squats, deadlifts, and lunges. It is also well-suited as an accessory movement or finisher exercise in any glute workout with dumbbells, using higher repetitions to increase training volume.
How to Do Dumbbell Glute Bridges:
Lie on your back with knees bent and feet flat on the floor, hip-width apart.
Place a dumbbell across your hips, holding it securely with both hands.
Engage your core and squeeze your glutes, then drive through your heels to lift your hips off the floor.
Pause at the top, ensuring your body forms a straight line from shoulders to knees.
Lower your hips slowly and with control, then repeat for your desired reps.
Our final dumbbell leg exercise, the dumbbell hip thrust , is a strong contender for building the glutes. Elevating your upper back on a bench allows you to train through a full range of hip extension, maximizing glute activation.
The dumbbell hip thrust is great for those with aesthetic goals and builds explosive hip extension, improving sprinting and lifting performance [3]. Program this exercise earlier in your free weight leg workout if going heavier or later in your session (as a finisher) if going lighter for higher reps.
Don’t have a bench? Using the edge of a couch can work instead, if you’re doing your dumbbell leg workout at home.
How to Do Dumbbell Hip Thrusts:
Sit on the floor with your upper back against a bench, knees bent, and feet flat, shoulder-width apart.
Roll or place a dumbbell across your hips, holding it securely with both hands.
Engage your core and glutes, then drive through your heels to lift your hips until your torso is parallel to the floor.
Pause and squeeze your glutes at the top, ensuring your knees are 90 degrees and your spine remains neutral.
Lower your hips under control, tap the floor, and repeat for your desired reps.
Start with dynamic stretches and light dumbbell or bodyweight exercises to prep joints and muscles. To decide on what exercises to do in your warm-up, think about the movement patterns and muscles you’ll be using in your main workout, and aim to focus on these muscles or movements during your warm-up.
Give these leg day warm-up exercises a go.
You should always begin with compound movements (e.g., squats, lunges), then move to isolation or accessory exercises (e.g., glute bridges, calf raises). Compound movements are more demanding, so doing them first means you’re fresh and can lift heavier with better form, maximizing strength and overall muscle activation.
When it workout structure, you might use the following to build your dumbbell leg workout:
Straight sets (i.e., performing all sets of one exercise before moving to the next. This is good for beginners or during heavier compound lifts where strength is the overarching goal.)
Supersets (i.e., performing two exercises back-to-back with little to no rest in between. Supersets commonly work antagonist (opposing) muscles back-to-back, e.g., squats and RDLs. Supersets are a great way to increase intensity and volume in a shorter amount of time) [5].
Trisets (i.e., performing three exercises in a row without rest between them increases muscle fatigue and builds endurance).
Circuits (i.e., cycling through 4–6+ exercises , performing one set of each before resting and repeating the whole circuit) are great for full-body conditioning. Due to their simplicity and time efficiency, they are usually seen in home workouts and boot camp-style training.
You may use one or all of these styles of training in your dumbbell leg workout–just be aware that performing exercises back-to-back means less rest
Choose your sets and reps based on your main training goal:
Strength: Choose heavier weights for lower reps, 6 to 8 reps
Hypertrophy: Choose moderate weights for moderate reps (8 to 12 reps)
Endurance: Choose lighter weights for higher reps (15-20 reps+).
If you are doing your leg workouts from home and are limited with dumbbell weights, adjust your reps so that the exercise you are doing is challenging using the weight you have available (i.e., you have a couple of reps left in you at the end of each set, but no more).
Numerous researchers have proven that training each muscle group twice a week is most effective [5,6]. You could choose to do this through two dumbbell leg workouts per week, or you could add some barbell or machine leg exercises to your training, too.
Barbells are particularly useful for heavy, compound lifts early in workouts (e.g., squats, deadlifts), while machines are a good option for isolation or high-rep volume (e.g., leg curls, leg presses) to finish off. So, if you can and feel confident, include some exercises using varying equipment during your leg workouts. It will also prevent boredom, keeping variety in your training.
Record your sets and reps during your workout, and gradually increase dumbbell weight, reps, or sets over time to continue making gains. A 2022 randomized controlled trial by Plotkin et al. found that while increasing load led to slightly greater muscle gains, both load and repetition increases were successful for improving muscle size, strength, and endurance in 43 participants with at least 1 year of consistent lower body resistance training experience [7].
Example Dumbbell Leg Workout
Stronger Legs, No Barbell Needed
Whether you’re looking to level up your leg day by adding some weights or it’s one of those gym days where you want to stay in one corner of the gym and smash out a workout, dumbbells are your answer.
From squats and lunges to hip thrusts to devil presses and lunges, dumbbells fit as well into a strength-focused leg day as they do in a leg-focused conditioning workout–whether you're training at home, in the park, or on the gym floor.
There’s no excuse for not getting started, so what are you waiting for?
Pick a few of your favorite exercises above, decide on your workout structure, and get going. Stronger legs are only a few reps away.
Looking for a simple way to track every set, rep, and weight in your workout? Or perhaps you're searching for a fully programmed full-leg workout? The Gymshark Training App has everything you need for leg day with dumbbells, from a workout log to follow-along plans from your favorite Gymshark Athletes.
Yes! While barbells and machines offer higher maximum loading, building muscle with dumbbells is possible as long as you use a sufficient load.
By the end of each set, the last reps should feel challenging, and you should aim to finish feeling like you could only do 1–2 more reps with good form. If you finish a set and feel like you could have kept going for 5+ reps, the weight is probably too light to trigger growth.
If you’re limited on dumbbell weights (e.g., doing a home leg workout with dumbbells), you may need to think of other ways to increase the difficulty other than just increasing the weight. Instead, you could:
Increase the weight
Add more reps or sets
Slow down the tempo
Reduce the rest time
Use advanced variations (e.g., single-leg, tempo, pauses)
To ensure you continue to make progress, you need to progressively overload (consistently increase the intensity of your workouts). If things feel too easy, it’s time to level up!
Yes, they can be! Dumbbell squats build strength, balance and control, and are particularly good for beginners to teach squat mechanics with less risk than a barbell. You can do dumbbell squats from anywhere— no rack, no spotter needed — making them ideal for home workouts or limited gym access.
That being said, if maximal strength or hypertrophy are your goals, barbell squats allow for heavier loads to be lifted, and greater progressive overload (as you aren’t limited by grip or weight capacity as you are using dumbbells).
If you’re an experienced lifter, it’s best to train with both dumbbells and barbells to benefit from both.
You should finish most sets with 1–2 reps in reserve and maintain good form throughout, meaning the weight is challenging but you aren’t pushing to failure. The fewer reps you’re doing, the heavier the dumbbell weight you should choose (which will vary depending on your goal).
The weight of the dumbbells will also vary depending on if you are doing bilateral moves (e.g. goblet ****squats, RDLs), where you can use heavier dumbbells, as both legs are working together, or unilateral moves (e.g., split squats, step-ups) where you should choose slightly lighter dumbbells, since they use one leg to challenge balance and control.
Cissik, J.M. (2000). Coaching the Front Squat : Strength & Conditioning Journal . LWW . [online] 7 Oct.
Diamant, W., Geisler, S., Havers, T. and Knicker, A. (2021). Comparison of EMG Activity between Single-Leg Deadlift and Conventional Bilateral Deadlift in Trained Amateur Athletes - An Empirical Analysis .
González-García, J., Morencos, E., Balsalobre-Fernández, C., Cuéllar-Rayo, Á. and Romero-Moraleda, B. (2019). Effects of 7-Week Hip Thrust Versus Back Squat Resistance Training on Performance in Adolescent Female Soccer Players .
Zhang, X., Weakley, J., Li, H., Li, Z. and García-Ramos, A. (2025). Superset Versus Traditional Resistance Training Prescriptions: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis Exploring Acute and Chronic Effects on Mechanical, Metabolic, and Perceptual Variables .
Schoenfeld, B.J., Ogborn, D. and Krieger, J.W. (2016). Effects of Resistance Training Frequency on Measures of Muscle Hypertrophy: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis .
Schoenfeld, B.J., Grgic, J. and Krieger, J. (2018). How many times per week should a muscle be trained to maximize muscle hypertrophy? A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies examining the effects of resistance training frequency .
Plotkin, D., Coleman, M., Van Every, D., Maldonado, J., Oberlin, D., Israetel, M., Feather, J., Alto, A., Vigotsky, A.D. and Schoenfeld, B.J. (2022). Progressive overload without progressing load? The effects of load or repetition progression on muscular adaptations .
Petite Leggings
Short queens, we’ve heard you. No more rolling up your leggings or pulling them up a little too high (IYKYK). Our petite leggings are designed with shorter frames in mind, delivering the perfect fit without excess fabric or awkward bunching. With leggings that actually fit, you can lift, lounge, or do anything in between—free from extra material at your ankles.
Viewing 1 - 6 of 6 products
Women's Petite Gym & Workout Leggings
Shop our range of women’s petite leggings, which have a shorter length that makes them perfect for complementing a smaller frame.
Our petite gym leggings come in range of colours to empower you to feel your most confident, whether you’re stepping up to the barbell or attending a workout class for the first time. From our black petite leggings which are a staple in pretty much any wardrobe, to vibrant mood-boosting colours such as yellow or pink.
The variety in our range of women’s petite workout leggings doesn’t just stop at colours, you can also find a variety of materials and shapes too. From the training leggings which feature flattering fits and workout suitable materials, helping your feel comfortable enough to achieve that new PB. To our studio leggings which are designed to flex with your every move. Whilst our high waisted petite leggings and flared petite leggings combine style and comfort so well that you won’t want to take them off.
In short, yes. most of our petite leggings are 7/8 length or have a shorter inseam.
Our 7/8 workout leggings are not as short as cropped leggings but not quite as long as full length gym leggings , they’re the perfect in-between. This makes 7/8 gym leggings great for those with petite frames as they can sit just above the ankles, so they you not have to worry about baggy excess material gathering at the ankles, or having to roll the bottom of the leggings up to avoid this.
There are a range of ways you can style your petite leggings, from pairing with a sports bra for a sweaty HIIT circuit, to matching with a crop top for a lifting session You could even throw on a sweater for a cosy rest day or coffee run.
Seamless Leggings | Black Leggings | Leggings with Pockets | Camo Seamless | Shorts | Joggers | Women's Tracksuits
Viewing 1 - 49 of 49 products
Last Chance Accessories
All Bottles
Water bottles and protein shakers by the brand that was built in the weight room. Stay hydrated while you break a sweat with our gym water bottles, while our protein shaker bottles offer everything you need to get your post-workout gains on the go. Whether you’re filling it with pre workout, or mixing up a shake for after, do it with protein shakers that guarantee a smooth shake every time.
Viewing 1 - 27 of 27 products
Gym Water Bottles & Protein Shakers
Gym Water Bottles
Pre-workout, BCAA’s or electrolytes, we all know the biggest gym flex is staying hydrated. After all, there’s nothing more important than keeping replenished while you break a sweat, and that’s why our gym water bottles are the ideal companion for your workout.
With a variety of options to match your workout schedule, there’s a water bottle for pull day, push day, cardio day and rest day. Choose from metal water bottles that will keep your drink cool, sports water bottles which rep a streamlined shape and sports cap, and even and 2.2 Litre water bottles that make dehydration a thing of the past.
No matter what the day has in store, stay hydrated so you can perform at your best with our gym and sports water bottles.
Protein Shakers
If there’s one thing we know, it’s the gym, and that naturally extends to our protein shakers too. Designed to help you hit your protein goals with the perfect blend no matter what the day has in store, our protein shakers are an essential for anyone looking to fuel a PB, or for a quick snack that fits your macros.
Lumpy protein is a thing of the past, with metal mixer balls that evenly break down powder for a smooth consistency every time. Plus, they’re super easy to clean, so there’s no excuses now. Simply rinse the protein out, add the metal ball back in with water and washing up liquid, and shake until clean.
We know life can be chaotic, that’s why our protein shaker bottles are designed for taking on the go. The convenient carry handle makes it easy to carry from the subway/tube to your training session, while a choice of sizes, including compact, makes them easy to store in your gym bag.
Shake it up with a range of different colours and styles, including our stainless-steel protein shakers, which offer a low plastic alternative to traditional protein shakers, as well as having the mixer built into the lid for a fuss-free shake. Plus, with double wall insulation, they’ll keep your drink at the perfect temperature for longer. What’s that? Smooth, refreshing post summer-workout shake? Yes please!
SAM SULEK'S TOP PICKS
IFBB Pro. Freaky pump specialist. Gymshark athlete.
Sam Sulek 🏋️
Charcoal Core Marl/Trail Green
SAM’S TOP PICKS
Viewing 1 - 60 of 84 products
Athlete Top Picks
Afterpay
Afterpay is a payment service allowing us to offer customers the ability to make purchases instantly and then pay for them in four equal payments made every 2 weeks without any interest.
Place an order with Gymshark using Afterpay as your payment method. You'll then be required to pay for the order in four installments, due every two weeks. Even better, it's completely interest-free when you pay on time!
Afterpay is available on the following Gymshark webstores:
US
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
You must be 18 or over, have a bank account and a North American, Australian or New Zealand residential address (unfortunately Afterpay won't work for those living in South America).
Orders must be below $1000.
Afterpay is not available for use when purchasing gift cards.
Late payment fees will apply.
For further information please visit Afterpay directly
Seasonal Accessories
For the must-have accessories of the season. You're not going to want to miss this...
Viewing 1 - 60 of 72 products
Adapt Fleck x Whitney Short Sleeve Crop Top
SKU: B4C3A-BBDG
Whatever you train, do it in stylish staples that keep your head down and your progress strong.
Viewing 1 - 60 of 157 products
Base Layers
Our men's base layers allow you to train all year round, even as the temperatures drop. Designed to enhance your performance with zero distractions, our men's base layers are like a second-skin and will help you push to the next level. Think seamless designs and sweat-wicking tech.
Baselayers
Viewing 1 - 30 of 30 products
Base Layers For Men
MEN'S BASE LAYERS
GYM LEGGINGS FOR MEN
BASE LAYER TOPS
Joggers & Sweatpants | Men's Leggings | Gym Shorts | Track Pants & Track Tops
For bringing the warmth to your warm-up and layering up for cold-weather sessions, our long sleeve workout shirts bring together everything you love about our gym t-shirts, but with long sleeves. With performance-enhancing fabrics, functional designs, and physique-accentuating fits, you’ll wonder why a long sleeve athletic shirt hasn’t always been part of your wardrobe.
Light Grey Core Marl/Heavy Blue
Light Grey Core Marl/Conditioning Red
Soft White/Trail Green
Lido Green
Tame Grey
Men's Long-Sleeve Workout Shirts
Smash your workouts and upgrade your wardrobe with our men's long sleeve t-shirts. Form flattering and designed with you in mind, our men's long sleeve tees each have different qualities perfect for every activity. Whether it's running outside or training inside, the range is available in a variety of colors and designs. Pair with shorts or joggers and switch to a short sleeve or sleeveless top when it's warm. Stay stylish and fit with Gymshark.
Workout Tshirts | Sweatshirts | Gym Hoodies | Sleeveless Gym Tops | Stringers | Gym Tanks | Zip Hoodies | Zip Jackets | Track Tops
Power
Timeless, tireless and built to work just as hard as you do.
Black/Energy Gelato Green
Fog Purple
Deep Fawn Brown
Earthy Brown
Oversized Fit
Physique Enhancing
Perfect for Lifting
Premium Power
THE PREMIUM HEAVYWEIGHT COLLECTION
CREATED IN THE UK.
Men's Power Collection
The Gymshark Power Collection is officially ready to rack. With zero distractions, it's built to support you through every rep and every set. And as for how it makes you feel? That's a different kind of powerful.
Cargo Pants
Level up your off-duty days with cargo pants for effortless style meets versatility. Combining comfort and functionality, our streetwear-inspired cargo pants for men are the ultimate rest day companion, wear anywhere and style with anything, just be prepared for an endless stream of compliments.
Penny Brown
Viewing 1 - 16 of 16 products
Meet your new key rest day pieces. Upgrade to cargos that give you relaxed silhouettes for a chilled-out vibe; what more could you want from a rest day?
Versatile and practical, cargo pants offer endless styling options, available in slim, relaxed, and oversized fits. Our men’s cargo pants are designed with easy movement in mind, so you can count on comfort with any activity. With no shortage of pockets, they are the perfect choice for the everyday, running errands, or meeting your friends—just throw in your keys, wallet, and away you go.
Our more relaxed styles offer the stretch needed to move freely with unrestricted movement, while our woven cargo pants feature side adjusters and belt loops on the waist to personalize your fit. Deep flap pockets with snap closures on the leg in our cargo joggers allow for optimal phone positioning—because nothing is more annoying than a bouncing phone while you walk.
And who said practical ‘fits can’t be stylish? If you’re looking for a laid-back yet luxurious look, our men’s cargos are available in a range of cuts and colors, from camo, beige, and green to a classic black cargo pant that’ll go with anything.
Don’t let their casual style throw you off—finish off this trending cargos look with a graphic tee , an oversized sweatshirt, and a pair of trainers for cooler days. Or opt for a pair of cargo shorts with an oversized t-shirt or stringer and a pair of sunnies for an effortlessly stylish off-duty look. It's your downtime, but better.
Conditioning Club Pant
• Conditioning Club graphic to the leg • Ideal for warming up, working out or rest day • Elasticated drawcord waist • Straight leg design
SIZE & FIT • Oversized fit • Model is 6'0" and wears a size M MATERIALS & CARE • 79% Cotton, 21% Polyester • Loopback fabric
SKU: A2C2J-BB2J
Based on 11 reviews
Fellipev
Looks great, I ordered a size to big but looks amazing still.
We love hearing from our community, and we’re so p... See more
4 months ago
Sean gamer
I love the pants they fit really good. I also like that they are not cuffed at the bottom and sit over my shoes a little bit
1-2 of 11 reviews
Discover our Gymshark tank tops collection—designed for performance, comfort, and style. Whether you're hitting the gym or keeping it casual, our breathable, sweat-wicking fabrics keep you moving with confidence.
Men's Workout Tank Tops
Gym Tank tops for Men
Our athletic tank tops are designed to have you feeling your best, whether you’re aiming for a new squat PR or heading out for a run. Feel confident in our fitness tanks, created with physique enhancing seams and panels, whilst minimalist designs help keep you free from distractions. The perfect balance between style and functionality, our workout tank tops are here to support you through every rep.
With our huge selection of men’s athletic tank tops, you can choose the style that will have you feeling unstoppable. From fitted workout tanks that highlight your silhouette, to loose workout tanks that offer increased airflow. We also have a range of colours and designs, from black workout tanks and white workout tanks, to cool blues and vibrant oranges. For those looking for something a little more bold, you guessed it, the Bold range is perfect. As the name suggests it gives a little more, with eye-catching graphics that are sure to get heads turning.
Our huge range of athletic tank tops has a collection for everyone, whether you’re a beginner in the gym or competitive lifter. Find features such as sweat and heat mapping ventilation to keep you cool, sweat-wicking and breathable materials to help you stay dry, and stretchy yet lightweight fabrics to support each movement. All in a style you’ll want to wear time and time again. The Arrival range makes a great workout wardrobe essential, whilst Legacy is perfect for big lifts. 315 is designed for a barely-there feel, and Apex is performance clothing that’s designed to keep you feeling comfortable through even the most intense training sessions.
From uphill sprints to heavy lifts, you can expect engineering that will keep you cool, comfortable, and looking good. Pair our sleek men's tanks with shorts for a gym outfit that is as comfortable as it is practical, and cover up with a jacket for training sessions outside. If you're looking for a more traditional bodybuilding style, check out our range of stringers , which offer the classic bodybuilding look.
Tank tops are a popular choice for men in the gym as they offer a range of benefits when training. Arm holes help to keep you cool, allowing airflow and breathability to the underarms, some even have drop armholes which take this even further. Gym tank tops can also offer more freedom of movement than t-shirts as they don’t have sleeves, meaning you won’t have material getting in the way of your bicep curls or shoulder presses. Combine this with physique accentuating designs, sweat wicking materials and breathable fabrics and you have the perfect tank top for working out.
