JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Get 10% off your first purchase when you sign up to the INOV8 newsletter
Which activities are you interested in?
Your gender:
Trail
Road
Ultra
Zero Drop
All Running Footwear
All Round
Barefoot
Cardio
Cross Training
Weightlifting
All Gym Footwear
Boots
Shoes
All Hiking Footwear
Jackets
Tops
Shorts
Socks
Accessories
All Running Apparel
Socks & Accessories
All Gym Apparel
All Hiking Apparel
New In
Bestsellers
Shop By Range
All Featured
Footwear
Joggers
Legwear
Caps & Hats
Gloves
Hydration Vests
Waist Packs
All Running Accessories
Hats
Backpacks
All Hiking Accessories
Don't have an account?
Do you want early access to our freshest gear? Hassle-free returns? Easy breezy checkouts? You know what to do.
Already have an account?
For faster checkout, managing orders and member exclusives.
Forgot your password?
Enter your email address below and we’ll send you password reset details
Check your email
If there is an account associated with , you will receive an email with a link to reset your password.
Trending Searches
Cart ( )
Men's Hiking Trousers
Hard-wearing, wind and water resistant hiking trousers for men.
See also:
Colours
About
Help
Legal
Social
© 2025 INOV8 All Rights Reserved
Women's Hiking Footwear
Lightweight, grippy hiking footwear for women. Our hiking boots and shoes can handle any terrain.
Hiking Boots & Shoes
Lightweight hiking footwear with the world's toughest grip. Our hiking boots & shoes can handle any terrain.
Men's All Round Gym Shoes
Versatile all round gym shoes for men. Great for cardio, weightlifting and everything in between.
Men's Jackets
Men's Running Tights, Leggings & Waterproof Trousers
Train hard in cold weather with our range of men's running tights and race-compliant waterproof trousers.
INOV8 SHEFFIELD
The Sheffield brand store and coffee shop is located in Dyson Place, off Sharrow Vale Road. It's in a bustling part of the city, just a stone’s throw away from Endcliffe Park.
The store stocks a large collection of INOV8 running, hiking and fitness gear. This ranges from award-winning trail running shoes and hiking boots, through to weightlifting shoes and hiking backpacks.
The store is open 7 days a week and staffed by knowledgeable members of the INOV8 team, all of whom have a passion for the brand and the outdoors.
Make sure to grab a coffee after your run, hike or workout at the in-store coffee shop.
Where to find us
6 Dyson Place
Sheffield
Yorkshire
S11 8XX
Email the Sheffield Store
Get Directions
Opening Hours
Monday - 09.00-17.00
Tuesday - 09.00-17.00
Wednesday - 09.00-17.00
Thursday - 09.00-17.00
Friday - 09.00-17.00
Saturday - 09.00-17.00
Sunday - 10.00-16.00
Follow Us
ARTICLES
Walk the Wainwrights
Lakeland Trails Races
Lake District Trail Races & Ultramarathons 2024
Trail Running Shoes
Shop our award-winning range of trail running shoes, famous for their legendary grip.
See also: Men's Trail Running Shoes | Women's Trail Running Shoes | Ultra Running Shoes | Fell Running Shoes | All Terrain Running Shoes | OCR Shoes | Junior Trail Running Shoes
PRIVACY NOTICE
1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to Inoveight Limited's privacy notice.
INOV8 Inc. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.
2. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how INOV8 Inc. collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including but not limited to, any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter, purchase a product or service and/or take part in a competition.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller
INOV8 is the trading name of INOV8 Inc. This privacy notice is issued on behalf of Inoveight Limited so when we mention "INOV8 Inc.", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice, we are referring to INOV8 Inc. who is responsible for processing your data. INOV8 Inc. is the controller and responsible for this website.
We are registered in United States under company number 4195383 and have our registered office at INOV8 Inc, 290 Turnpike Rd Ste 6-303 Westborough, MA, 01581-2843 United States.
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: Inoveight Limited
Email address: [email protected]
Postal address: Inoveight Inc, 290 Turnpike Rd Ste 6-303 Westborough, MA, 01581-2843 United States.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant supervisory authority. The Information Commissioner's Office (“ICO”) is the UK regulator for data protection issues ( www.ico.org.uk ). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
INOV8 Inc is the controller and responsible for this website. For questions in relation to this privacy notice, please contact the data privacy manager using the email address [email protected] . You have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) via its website.
3. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Data includes first name, last name, title and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address, telephone number(s), location data and postcode data.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences (for example run, gym or walk), feedback, survey responses, images, videos, location data and postcode data.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or volume data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Contact and Profile Data to understand customer purchasing in certain locations or to understand product purchasing trends. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data.
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
We will collect personal data from you for the purposes set out in clause 5. The categories of personal data listed sets out the personal data we will collect from you.
4. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial and Transaction Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
create an account on our website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Express checkout providers. If you purchase a product or service using one of our express checkout providers, they may give us your Identity and Contact Data for the purpose of completing your order. Express checkout providers include, but are not limited to, Amazon, Klarna, Link, PayPal and Clearpay.
Social media providers . If you share your reviews from the products you’ve purchased from us via your social media channels, we may collect and use your Identity and Profile Data from the relevant social media post for the purpose of sharing your reviews. Social media channels include, but are not limited to, Facebook, Google and Instagram.
Other third party providers. If you enter a competition, we may collect your personal data via competition tool providers including, but not limited to, KingSumo. We use TrustPilot to seek reviews. If you provide a review to TrustPilot, we may use this data for statistical purposes.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy here for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
website management including, but not limited to, Magento (who hosts Adobe Commerce and Magestore) and Gnatta;
analytics providers such as Google based outside the UK;
advertising networks such as Affiliate Window (AWIN), Google Ad, Dotdigital and Meta Business Advertising based inside and outside the UK; and
search information providers such as Google based outside the UK.
Contact, Financial and/or Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as Stripe based outside the UK.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the UK.
We will collect your personal data in several different ways, for example when you visit and interact with our website, via external third parties for example social media platforms and, in some cases, using publicly available sources.
5. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
This clause sets out the categories of data we process in line with our processing activities as well as the lawful bases we rely on to compliantly process your personal data.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing or where you have provided consent to use of certain cookies like Google Ads, Affiliate Window and Meta Business Advertising.
Third-party marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent (including for third party targeting cookies) before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you via your customer account, by adjusting your cookies or by contacting us at any time using the email: [email protected] .
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you via your customer account, by adjusting your cookies or by contacting us.
6. COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allows us to improve our site.
Our website uses Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. This service evaluates visitors’ use of our Site. For more information on the cookies set by Google Analytics, including information on how to opt out, please visit https://google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html . This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
Our website also uses Google Ads to retarget information to you in which we believe you may be interested based on your browsing or other interactions with our website and/or links and/or pages. This is subject to your consent which you can withdraw at any time. For more information on the cookies set by Google Ads, including information on how to opt out, please visit https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/9028179?hl=en-GB .
Our website uses Meta Business Advertising and Affiliate Window tracking/targeting cookies to help show you relevant content and ads and to measure the performance of ad campaigns. A copy of Meta’s cookie policy can be found here. An explanation of Affiliate Window’s cookies can be found here.
Our website uses Meta Business Advertising and Affiliate Window tracking/targeting cookies to help show you relevant content and ads and to measure the performance of ad campaigns. A copy of Meta’s cookie policy can be found here. An explanation of Affiliate Window’s cookies can be found here .
To deactivate the use of third party advertising cookies, you may visit the consumer page to manage the use of these types of cookies.
You can choose which analytical, functionality and targeting cookies we can set by clicking on the button(s):
Statistic cookies OFF
Preference cookies OFF
Marketing cookies OFF
Strictly essential cookies are set automatically to enable you to fully access our websites.
Website cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. For more information on the type of cookies we use, please visit out Cookie Policy here .
7. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table under How we use your personal data above.
Internal Third Parties acting as separate controllers, joint controllers and/or processors and who are based inside the UK and provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting.
External Third Parties including:
service providers acting as processors based outside the UK who provide IT and system administration services including, but not limited to, Magestores, Microsoft Azure and ANS;
professional advisers acting as controllers, processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based inside out outside the UK who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services; and
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as controllers, processors or joint controllers based inside the UK who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Specific third parties including but not limited to:
Adobe Commerce (provided by Magento) to store personal data. Adobe’s privacy policy can be found here; and
DPD (for UK orders only) and ReBound who provide product delivery and return services.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
From time to time, we may be required to share your personal data with third parties for the purposes set out in clause 5. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to not use your personal data for their own purposes.
8. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Inoveight Limited, Inov-8 Europe BV and Inov-8 Inc. use a central platform hosted by Magento to store its personal data. However, each entity is restricted to accessing personal data relevant to the jurisdictions it serves and does not share personal data between each of Inoveight Limited, Inov-8 Europe BV or Inov-8 Inc.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved for use in the USA which give personal data the same protection it has in the USA.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the USA.
From time to time, we may be required to transfer your personal data outside the USA for the purposes and reasons set out in clauses 5 and 8.
9. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.
10. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
We will only store your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes set out in clause 5.
11. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data .
Request correction of your personal data .
Request erasure of your personal data .
Object to processing of your personal data .
Request restriction of processing your personal data .
Request transfer of your personal data .
Right to withdraw consent .
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
You have a number of rights under the data protection legislation in relation to your personal data. For more information, follow the links.
12. GLOSSARY
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Men's Tops
Zero Drop Running Shoes
Zero drop running shoes for any terrain. Whether trail or road, our shoes are designed to help you run fast while enjoying a more natural running experience.
Trail Running Jackets
Award-winning trail running jackets that keep the weather out. Waterproof, windproof, thermal and racing options available.
THE FORGE
The Forge is our first-ever brand store, opened in April 2021.
Located in the Lake District (UK), where our brand was forged in 2003, the store is open 7 days a week. It sells INOV8 branded run, hike and fitness kit for men and women.
The Forge is also the start location for several expertly mapped orienteering challenges around the local trails and fells. Come and give it a go! Live speaker events and product taster sessions are also in the planning.
Staveley Mill Yard
Back Lane
Staveley
LA8 9LR
Email the Forge Store
BEST LAKE DISTRICT WALKING ROUTES
Fairfield Horseshoe 9-10 Miles
Kentmere Horseshoe 13-14 Miles
Scafell Pike 6-12 Miles
Barefoot Gym Shoes
Stripped back, minimalist shoes to give a more natural feel. Our barefoot gym shoes bring your foot closer to the ground.
Frequently Asked Questions
If you have not received this email in your inbox, please check your spam or promotion folders, as the order confirmation may have landed there. This is depending on the email settings. To make sure future emails land in your inbox, you can add our email as a safe sender.
Once your order has shipped, you will receive a shipment notification from us with a link to track the order, so you can follow it from our warehouse to your delivery address. Some of the couriers also send direct tracking updates to you.
Once the order has been completed, we are not able to change it, so please double check all your order details, including name, address, contact information, item, size and colour before completing your purchase. If you find any of the details are incorrect after payment, please contact the Consumer Care team, who will be very happy to try stopping the order before dispatch.
Please contact our Consumer Care team as soon as possible and they will do their utmost to stop the order for you.
During sale periods we sometimes run time limited offers. If you had a look at the email the day you received it, but then didn’t visit the website to purchase the product(s) until after the deal ended, the price will show as advertised on the product page, but the current price will be corrected if you add the item to your basket. This is because you are seeing a cached version of the product page. To make sure you see real-time pricing on the product, please clear cache and browser history. Once a time limited deal has expired, we are unfortunately not able to match that price.
We are committed to giving you the best service, so if you see the price of a product drop on our site or you see it cheaper with another retailer within 7 days of you receiving your order, or you find it cheaper elsewhere before purchase, give us the details by submitting a request via the live chat, and one of the Consumer Care team will look into it and get back to you. Exclusions apply, like daily deals and one off promotions. If you let us know more than 7 days after the receipt of your order, we won't be able to match the price. T&Cs apply.
You can return your purchase within 30 days of delivery. If you purchased your item from inov8.com or an INOV8 store, you can return it either online or to one of our branded stores. If you purchased your item from one of our retail partners, you should return it to the retailer you purchased from. Please see our Returns page for more information about how to return your order.
Yes, all orders placed from now until 20th December can be returned until 31st January 2025. Orders placed after this date does not have an extended return period and will be covered by our normal 30 days return policy. Please see our Returns page for more information about how to return your order.
Yes, all orders placed from now until 9th December can be returned until 31st January 2025. Orders placed after this date does not have an extended return period and will be covered by our normal 30 days return policy. Please see our Returns page for more information about how to return your order.
Yes, all orders placed from now until 19th December can be returned until 31st January 2025. Orders placed after this date does not have an extended return period and will be covered by our normal 30 days return policy. Please see our Returns page for more information about how to return your order.
Yes, all orders placed from now until 16th December can be returned until 31st January 2025. Orders placed after this date does not have an extended return period and will be covered by our normal 30 days return policy. Please see our Returns page for more information about how to return your order.
Any product found to be faulty within the first 12 months following the date of purchase, will either be replaced, repaired or refunded and we will cover the costs of return, following evaluation by our Customer Services team. For more information about our warranty policy, please see our terms and conditions .
Sometimes we make an exclusive or unique product available to pre-order online before it’s launch date. The standard “Add to Cart” button is then replaced with a “Pre-order” option instead. All you need to do is select your size as normal, tick the information box to say you understand you will not receive this item right away and hit “Pre-order”. The item will be added to your cart like any other product from the website – a message alongside the pre-order item will explain when you can expect to receive the item. You can continue shopping or checkout with just the one item. Once your order has been successful, an order confirmation email will be sent detailing the item/s you have purchased. You will be charged immediately once the order has been confirmed.
IMPORTANT: If your order contains other items that are not pre-order, all the items on the order will be dispatched in one shipment, when the pre-order item is available. For example, if you pre-order a pair of shoes that are released in 3 weeks’ time, but also ordered a jacket as part of the same order, your shoes and jacket will be dispatched to arrive in 3 weeks.
In our size guide you can read about the size, fit and width of our shoes, clothing, socks and accessories.
Depending on if it is footwear, clothing or accessories, we recommend to always store the product clean to avoid dirt, dust and debris to prematurely deteriorate the materials and dry to avoid odour build-up. On our product care page you can read more about how to best care for your INOV8 kit.
Our goal is to tell the stories of sports people who want to discover their edge. Throughout the world our INOV8 ambassadors push their boundaries, seek adventure and provide stacks of content through which we can tell their stories. If you think you have an engaging story that we could tell, please email Marketing though our contact us form .
F-Lite Max Womens
Select A Width & Size
Shoe Size Guide
How to measure the length of your foot
Fit Scale - UK
Footwear fits (Precision, Standard or Wide) - UK
Fit Scale - US
Footwear fits (Precision, Standard or Wide) - US
Fit Scale - EU
Footwear fits (Precision, Standard or Wide) - EU
Please note that these widths are intended only as a rough guide. We strongly recommend you measure the width of your feet before deciding which fit is best for you.
Depending on the type of activity you’re doing you may wish to go for a more precision fit (for racing for example). Equally you might prefer a wider fit if you are running longer distances or lifting heavy weights.
How to measure the width of your foot:
Make sure you’ve measured the length of your foot first. You’ll need this measurement to work out the correct width.
Highlights
6mm Drop
Cross Training Shoe
ROPE-TEC
TPU Heel Stabiliser
BOOMERANG Footbed
336 g
Our most technical cross training shoe. Heavy lifting, functional fitness, cardio - the F-LITE MAX does it all. A high performance gym shoe designed to handle whatever your workout throws at you.
For weightlifting the F-LITE MAX features a rigid TPU heel stabiliser, with the wide fit of the shoes giving your toes room to splay and form a solid base for movements such as squats and deadlifts. The shoe's MET-CRADLE wraps around your midfoot to form a protective, stabilising support when lifting heavy or performing high intensity movements such as jumps. Under your feet, our renowned and dependable rubber grip allows you to plant your feet with confidence, while our POWERFLOW MAX midsole foam gives you the perfect balance of cushioning and rigidity.
Despite all of the technical features, you'll feel agile and powerful in these shoes when performing any type of exercise. The POWERFLOW MAX midsole combines with the F-LITE's BOOMERANG FOOTBED to provide energy return and bounce when performing high intensity cardio or plyometric exercises. A single piece of engineered air mesh makes the shoes highly breathable so you can workout in comfort.
Take your workout to the max with the F-LITE MAX. A serious shoe for the serious gym goer or cross training athlete.
If you’re not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you can return it within 30 days of it being delivered. To qualify for a full refund, you need to return the item in an “as new” condition, in its original packaging.
Return costs start at $7.50.
GYM FOOTWEAR
To maximise the life of your gym shoes, make sure you dry them fully after every workout. You should clean them periodically too, to maintain the breathability of the shoe’s upper.
WASHING:
For best results hand wash your shoes as close to the end of your workout as possible. To wash your shoes:
DRYING:
Place your shoes in a warm room, an airing cupboard or outside (but not in direct sunlight) to dry. Do not dry your shoes in a tumble drier or next to radiators, fireplaces or hot summer sunlight.
You can speed up the drying process by removing the shoe’s insole and shoelaces, and by stuffing them with newspaper.
Make sure your shoes are completely dry before wearing again.
We pride ourselves on the quality and performance of our products. However, in the unlikely event of a fault of defect, all INOV8 products come with a 12-month warranty.
This warranty excludes:
Make a warranty claim
Grippy Rubber Outsole
Keep your footing with our 2.5mm thick grippy rubber outsole. Lightweight grip for any gym-based exercise, including weightlifting, cardio, functional movements, walking and running.
POWERFLOW MAX Midsole
Feel cushioned and stable during your workout with the F-LITE MAX's POWERFLOW MAX foam midsole. This innovative foam strikes the perfect balance between cushioning for high impact exercise and cardio, and the rigidity you want when weightlifting.
Engineered Air Mesh Upper
A seamless and highly breathable engineered mesh and 3D printed upper construction combine to keep your feet cool and dry during intense workouts. At the same time a supportive MET-CRADLE wraps protectively around your foot to keep you stable during high impact and lifting exercises.
Preserve your energy with the BOOMERANG Footbed. The insoles feature hundreds of foam beads that compress and spring back for 40% energy return during your stride. Perfect for longer cardio sessions, where maximising every bit of energy counts.
Rigid TPU Heel Stabiliser
Lift heavy with the F-LITE MAX. The rigid TPU heel stabiliser gives you a solid, stable base for movements such as squats and deadlifts. As well as this the shoe's wider toe-box allows your toes to splay, creating an even stronger platform for big lifts.
Men's Gym & Training Shoes
Shop our range of men's gym and training shoes. Whether cross training, weightlifting or cardio - we've got you covered!
Running Gloves & Mittens
Lightweight, thermal and waterproof running gloves/mittens to protect you in any training or racing conditions.
Hiking Shorts
Our hiking shorts help you move comfortably & freely. Made with recycled polyester, our shorts are lightweight & breathable.
Men's Road Running Shoes
Comfortable road running shoes for men. Our range includes road shoes, treadmill running shoes, and hybrids for multi-terrain runs.
See also: Men's All Terrain Running Shoes | Men's Trail Running Shoes | Men's Running Socks | Men's Running Clothes
MEET OUR FOOTWEAR RANGES
Driven by innovation and performance, our pioneering footwear enhances natural movement and thrives in the toughest of conditions. Meticulously crafted - since 2003 - for committed runners, hikers and gym athletes who want fast, light, natural footwear.
Running Range
Mud talon ™
Trail talon ™
Trail fly ™
Road fly ™
Gym Range
Bare -XF ™
F -Fly ™
F -lite ™
Fast lift ™
Hike Range
Roc lite ™
Roc lite pro™
Running Caps, Hats & Headbands
Stay protected from the sun or from the cold with our range of trail running caps, hats, headbands & wrags.
Men's Windproof & Waterproof Running Jackets
High performance waterproof, windproof and thermal men's trail running jackets that won't let you down.
Weightlifting Shoes
Stable, supportive and light, our weightlifting shoes are flexible and benefit from our legendary grip.
HOOKED ON HILLS NATURAL HIGH
The Pinnacle
INOV8 Journal
Men's Cardio Training Shoes
Tackle any workout with out men's cardio training shoes. Perfect for general cardio, treadmill or indoor running.
INOV8 X SCOTT PANCHIK
Available at checkout
Free Shipping over $150
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Where to Find Information About Us and Our Products
You can find everything you need to know about us, Inoveight Limited trading as INOV8 and INOV-8, and our products on our website before you order. We also confirm the key information to you in writing after you order by email. We, Inoveight Limited, are registered in England and Wales under company number 4195383 and have our registered office at Inoveight Limited, 12B Beechburn, Prospect Road, Crook, County Durham, DL15 8RA, England. Our main trading address is inoveight ltd, 1st Floor, River Mill, Mill Yard, Staveley, Cumbria, LA8 9LR, England. Our VAT number is GB 135530729.
We are a limited company.
To contact us, please email: [email protected] or telephone our customer service line on 01388 744900.
A product's true colour may not exactly match that shown on your device or its packaging may be slightly different.
In order to enter into a contract with us, you must be at least 18 years of age. If you are under the age of 18, please ask a parent or guardian to order your products for you.
You must be 18 years old to place an order.
When you first access our website, you will be asked to confirm your location and you will be automatically relocated to the correct website based on your delivery location. It is your responsibility to ensure you select the correct location. These terms only apply to orders made from the UK, Australia, Canada, Norway and Switzerland
These terms only apply to orders made from the UK, Australia, Canada, Norway and Switzerland
We contact you to confirm we've received your order and then we contact you again to confirm we've accepted it and confirm dispatch to you.
You enter a contract with us when you receive an email from us accepting your order and confirming dispatch.
Sometimes we reject orders, for example, because a product is unexpectedly out of stock, because you are located outside the UK, Australia or Canada, because the product was mispriced by us or is unfortunately no longer available. When this happens, we let you know as soon as possible and refund any sums you have paid.
In rare circumstances we may have to reject an order, but we will always refund you if we do.
There are easy and flexible ways for you to pay for your order.
If you wish to pay for your order in full, we offer:
Debit/Credit Card
Amazon Pay; and
Paypal.
If you prefer to make your payments more flexible, in cooperation with Klarna Bank AB (publ), of Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden, and Clearpay Finance Limited (company number: 05198026), of 101 New Cavendish Street, London, W1W 6XH we offer you:
When you choose Klarna Pay in 3 as your payment method, you will split the cost of your purchase in three identical instalments.
When you choose Klarna Pay in 30 as your payment method, you will pay for your purchase in one instalment 30 days after the date of your purchase. Please note that Klarna is only available if your billing address is in the United Kingdom.
When paying with Klarna, your transaction and payment card details are collected by and processed by Klarna and you will agree to Klarna’s user terms and terms and conditions and Klarna’s pay in 3 instalments terms and conditions or Karna’s pay later in 30 days terms and conditions . Your personal data will be handled in accordance with applicable data protection laws and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy statement.
General information on Klarna is available here .
When you choose Clearpay as your payment method, you will split the cost of your purchase in four identical instalments over six weeks.
When paying with Clearpay, your transaction and payment card details are collected by and processed by Clearpay and you will agree to Clearpay’s user terms and terms and conditions . Your personal data will be handled in accordance with applicable data protection laws and in accordance with the information in Clearpay’s privacy statement .
General information on Clearpay is available here . Please note that Clearpay is only available if your billing address is in the United Kingdom.
You will own your product once we have received payment in full.
You can pay for your order in full at the time of ordering, or we offer the ability to stage your payments using Klarna or Clearpay.
By using either Karna or Clearpay you are entering into a separate contract with either Karna or Clearpay separate to these terms. Please make sure you read Karna or Clearpay’s terms before you agree to them.
When you select either Karna or Clearpay as your payment option, you will be directed to login to your Clearpay or PayPal account, where you can follow the on-screen instructions, before being returned to the Inoveight checkout page to complete your order.
All information regarding your payment will be contained in your Klarna or Clearpay account if you use either provider.
You can find and purchase gift cards at any INOV8 store or on our website. Our gift cards are redeemable on our website and in all INOV8 stores.
Gift cards may be redeemed for products only and may not be exchanged for cash. Any products returned which are purchased using a gift card will be refunded onto a gift card and will not be refunded in cash.
You cannot use a gift card to purchase INVO8 gift cards.
We cannot re-issue lost, stolen, mislaid or damaged gift cards.
We offer gift cards, but these can only be used to purchase goods for us and will not be redeemable in cash.
If you see a banner for a discount code on our website or we send you a discount code via email, you can apply the code in the "discount code" box on the checkout page. We reserve the right to withdraw discount codes at any time and discount codes may not apply to all products we sell and may not apply to discounted or sale products.
Delivery will be to the UK, Australia or Canada. Your expected delivery timescale will be confirmed at checkout when placing your order, depending on the delivery method chosen. If multiple items are ordered, we may split these items into separate parcels and you may receive these at different times. We only do this to prevent higher delivery costs for the dimension and/or weight of the parcel, or if one or more items in your order are ready to be packed and shipped to you before another item in your order.
United Kingdom Delivery:
We use DPD for all orders delivered within the UK.
You only deliver to the UK, Australia, Canada, Norway and Switzerland. There may be additional taxes and fees if we deliver to Australia, Canada, Norway and Switzerland and these will be your responsibility and are not included in the price of your goods.
Australia, Canada, Norway and Switzerland Delivery:
All deliveries to Australia, Canada, Norway and Switzerland will be delivered by DHL and additional taxes, fees or levies may apply according to local legislation. Recipients of deliveries made to Australia and/or Canada, Norway and Switzerland may have to pay import duty or formal customs entry fees. Any customs or import duties are charged once the products reach the destination country and these charges are your responsibility and must be paid by the recipient. We have no control over these charges and cannot tell you what the cost would be as customs policies and import duties vary.
There may be delays when delivering products to Australia, Canada, norway and Switzerland due to customs or other shipping delays as well as additional customs fees which will be your responsibility.
If our supply of your product is delayed by an event outside our control, such as stock shortages or delays, we contact you as soon as possible to let you know and do what we can to reduce the delay. As long as we do this, we won't compensate you for the delay, but if the delay is likely to be substantial you can contact our Customer Service Team at [email protected] to end the contract and receive a refund for any products you have paid for, but not received.
We do not accept any liability or responsibility for delays caused by our delivery partners or any customs delays when products are delivered to Australia, Canada, Norway and/or Switzerland.
Any delays which we cannot control will not result in any compensation payable by us to you.
Your legal right to change your mind.
For most of our products bought online you have a legal right to change your mind about your purchase and receive a refund of what you paid for it, including the delivery costs. This is subject to some conditions, as set out below. You have 14 days to change your mind for online sales. You will pay the costs of return.
Our goodwill guarantee.
In addition, to your legal rights, it is important to us that you are delighted with all our products, and they work as hard as you do. If there is any reason why you are not completely satisfied with any product. This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights. We, offer our customers a goodwill guarantee for most products bought online, which is more generous than your legal rights in the ways set out below.
How our goodwill guarantee is more generous.
30 days to change your mind if you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, however you bought the product. You pay the costs of return.
Legally, you have 14 days to change your mind about a product if bought online. As a goodwill guarantee we increase this to 30 days.
You can't change your mind about an order for products which have been worn or used by you beyond what is reasonably necessary to assess the products suitability and/or fit.
The deadline for changing your mind
If you change your mind about a product you must let us know no later than 30 days after the day we deliver it. If your purchase is split into several deliveries over different days, the period runs from the day after the last delivery.
How to let us know
To let us know you want to change your mind, fill in the online form here .
If you wear a pair of shoes outside of a carpeted area for the purposes of trying them on, you are not entitled to a refund.
We stand behind the quality of our products. Any product found to be faulty within the first 12 months following the date of purchase, will either be replaced, repaired or refunded and we will cover the costs of return, following evaluation by our Customer Services team. Faulty goods are classified as items that are received damaged or develop a manufacturing fault. Items damaged through general wear and tear are not classified as faulty. Returns are only accepted for items purchased directly from inov8.com with accompanying proof of purchase. This guarantee does not cover normal wear and tear, misuse or accidental damage and is conditional upon care instructions being followed. This warranty does not affect your statutory rights in any way.
To report a faulty product under this warranty please click here .
We give you 12 months peace of mind that our products will not develop a fault and if they do, we either provide you with a refund or replacement.
Normal wear and tear are defined as the wearing down of the sole or upper units of a shoe, while only wearing it for its intended use. Let's say you purchased one of our road shoes and you're a triathlete who logs over 70 miles per week. While most of our road models can get you as many as 600 miles or more during the life of the shoe, chances are, once you've hit that threshold, the shoes have undergone some substantial "wear and tear." This would fall outside of our 12 month warranty.
The GORE-TEX® guarantee is for the lifetime of the product. Normal wear and tear or damage which has been inflicted on the product due to inappropriate use or incorrect care, are excluded from this guarantee. The product life cycle can be defined as anywhere from 6 months and up, depending on the use of the product. REMEMBER, if water makes it over the cuff of the shoe, GORE-TEX® is rendered useless. The membrane is designed to keep out moisture that falls below the top of your shoe. This does not affect your statutory rights. This warranty is provided and processed by GORE-TEX®.
There will be a charge per return when returning products to us through the Rebound portal . This charge is dependent on the courier you choose to return your product. Up to date return prices can be found here . This charge will be deducted from your refund once we have processed the return, unless the return is made under our 12 month warranty (as set out above).
Once you have followed the required steps on the ReBound portal, you will be provided with the option to return your order using one of the below return options:
UK Customers:
Canadian Customers:
Australian Customers:
Norwegian Customers:
Swiss Customers:
If you select a ‘no printer required’ option, just scan your QR code which appears on screen at the returns portal instore and follow the instructions on the screen. If you select a ‘printer required’ option, please make sure your at home printer is working accordingly before proceeding.
When you use ReBound, Your return will be subject to the ReBound terms and conditions .
Please allow up to 14 days for your returned parcel to reach us. We’ll send you an email as soon as your refund has been processed.
We know it is time consuming to return a product bought online. To make this process as simple as possible we use Rebound for all our online returns.
If you handle the product in a way which would not be acceptable in-store, we reduce your refund, to compensate us for its reduced value. For example, we reduce your refund if the product's condition is not "as new", price tags have been removed, the product-branded packaging is damaged, or accessories are missing. In some cases, because of the way you have treated the product, no refund may be due.
We can reduce your refund if the product is not returned in the same state as you received the product from us, including the packaging.
If you return an order paid for using Klarna or Clearpay, you will need to notify Klarna via https://www.klarna.com/uk/customer-service/how-do-i-return-my-order/ or Clearpay https://help.clearpay.co.uk/hc/en-gb/articles/900005336103-How-do-refunds-work-at-Clearpay
If you tell us you've changed your mind about a product that hasn't been delivered or one that we're collecting from you, we refund you as soon as possible and within 14 days. If you're sending your product back to us, we refund you within 14 days of receiving it (or receiving evidence you've sent it to us). We refund you by the method you used for payment. We don't charge a fee for the refund.
We refund you to your original payment method within 14 days.
If you think there is something wrong with your product, you must contact us through our warranty portal . We honour our legal duty to provide you with products that are as described to you on our website and that meet all the requirements imposed by law. Your legal rights are summarised below. These are subject to certain exceptions. For detailed information please visit the Citizens Advice website www.citizensadvice.org.uk .
The Consumer Rights Act 2015 says goods must be as described, fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality. During the expected lifespan of your product your legal rights entitle you to the following:
You have legal rights if products are not as described, fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality.
Changes we can always make
We can always change or withdraw a product to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements or to make minor technical adjustments and improvements. These are changes that don't affect your use of the product.
We can suspend supply (and you have rights if we do).
We do this to:
We contact you in advance to tell you we're suspending supply, of a product you have ordered or we adjust the price we'll refund any sums you've paid in advance for products you won't receive or the price of which has changed.
We can change, suspend or withdraw products if required by law or to improve them for our customers. You will not be charged, or we will refund you if we suspend supply after your have paid for a product.
We can end our contract with you for a product and claim any compensation due to us (including enforcement costs) if:
We may end our contract with you if you do not make a valid payment or fail to provide information needed for us to supply a product to you.
We're responsible for losses you suffer caused by us breaking this contract unless the loss is:
We specifically do not accept liability for the following:
How we use any personal data you give us is set out in our Privacy Notice: https://www.inov8.com/legal/privacy-and-cookies
Our Complaints Policy
Our Customer Service Team will do their best to resolve any problems you have with us or our products and you can make a compliant by using the following link [email protected] .
Resolving disputes without going to court.
Alternative dispute resolution is an optional process where an independent body considers the facts of a dispute and seeks to resolve it, without you having to go to court. If you're not satisfied with the outcome you can still go to court.
You can go to court.
These terms are governed by English law and wherever you live you can bring claims against us in the English courts. If you live in Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland, you can also bring claims against us in the courts of the country you live in. We can claim against you in the courts of the country you live in.
We hope you never need to make a complaint or bring any action against us, but if you do, we want you to understand how to do so and we take all complaints very seriously.
Firstly, we hope we can resolve all complaints or issues without needing to take further action. In the extremely rare circumstance that you feel further action is needed we set out your options in terms of alternative dispute resolution (a legal process outside of court) as well as formal court action
We can transfer our contract with you, so that a different organisation is responsible for supplying your product.
We'll tell you in writing if this happens and we'll ensure that the transfer won't affect your rights under the contract.
You can only transfer your contract with us to someone else if we agree to this.
Nobody else has any rights under this contract. This contract is between you and us. Nobody else can enforce it and neither of us will need to ask anybody else to sign-off on ending or changing it.
If a court invalidates some of this contract, the rest of it will still apply.
If a court or other authority decides that some of these terms are unlawful, the rest will continue to apply.
Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later.
We might not immediately chase you for not doing something (like paying) or for doing something you're not allowed to, but that doesn’t mean we can't do it later.
We can price match most of our products sold on third party retailers’ websites, including discounts, but we are unfortunately not able to price match new season products that have been massively reduced by a retailer.
If you see the price of a product drop on our site or you see it cheaper with another retailer within 7 days of receiving your order, give us all the details, including link to the product, via the live chat, and one of the Consumer Care team will look into it and refund the difference if possible. If you let us know more than 7 days after the receipt of your order, we won't be able to match the price.
Exclusions apply, including, but not limited to daily deals, one off promotions and sale items on our third party retailers’ websites.
Women's Gym & Cross Training Shorts
Athletic fit women's gym shorts with muscle contour seams. Made with stretchy, squat-proof fabric.
Running Belts & Waist Packs
Zero bounce trail running belts and waist packs. Ample storage for essential/compulsory kit during training and races.
Cross Training Shoes
Shoes specifically designed to handle the demands of cross training workouts. Shop our award-winning cross training shoes.
Summer Sale
Shop: Run Deals | Gym Deals | Hike Deals
Men's Weightlifting Shoes
Smash your PRs and take your lifting workouts to the next level with our range of men's weightlifting shoes.
Claimed profile
INOV8 Reviews 13,438
4.7
Companies on Trustpilot aren't allowed to offer incentives or pay to hide reviews.
Review summary
Reviewers overwhelmingly had a great experience with this company. Customers appreciate the accurate product descriptions and the helpful sizing guides available on the website, which ensure a perfect fit. The speed of delivery is also a highlight for many, with some receiving their orders exception ally quickly, even for international shipments. Consumers are satisfied with the quality and performance of the products, finding them suitable for various activities. Consumers also praise the customer service for its responsiveness and helpfulness in resolving issues such as exchanges and warranty claims. The easy navigation of the web shop and the straightforward returns process contribute to a positive shopping experience. Overall, people express confidence in the brand and its products, with many becoming repeat customers. See more
Based on reviews, created with AI
Second pair of Trailfly Max Wide. I think Inov8 have added some extra padding around the heel collar to resolve stability issues which people were complaining about. Whether that is true or not, this... See more
Super fast international shipping, amazing shoes colour 😍 I took half size bigger like they are suggesting, I think my right size would have fit also, but it’s ok I can wear them like that.
Company replied
I thought I had the wrong shoe length as i'd often experienced problems with narrow portions of the midfoot, so I went a couple of sizes up. I'd done my research and the inov8 shoe beat my expectation... See more
My partner and I both bought shoes here earlier this month. The sizing guide was spot on if you measure them the way they describe and they felt comfortable immediately without having to break them in... See more
We perform checks on reviews
Company details
Active Trustpilot subscription
Forged in the fells and mountains of the English Lake District in 2003, INOV8 is an ambitious and innovative sports brand. It thrives to empower the world's physical and mental fitness through more fulfilling sporting experiences, with pioneering products and innovations that keep athletes within the flow. Across its three categories of Run, Walk and Gym, IN OV8 is neither over or under engineered, in the belief that nature knows best. Products and innovations are developed to enable ‘the flow’ – a state of mind and feeling sportspeople get when all distractions fall away, leaving nothing but the pure enjoyment of accomplishment. This allows runners, walkers, hikers and gym enthusiasts to go faster, or longer again. INOV8 make purposeful design decisions that strike a precise balance between the body and the environment to enable a more fulfilling sporting experience. Throughout its 20+ years, INOV8 has led the way and been rewarded with many prestigious awards. It continues to proudly call the Lake District its home, testing ground and design centre. Trusted by sportspeople worldwide, a third decade under the leadership of innovative founder Wayne Edy is now in progress. In truth though, INOV8 is just getting started. #AmbitionInMotion See more
Contact info
United Kingdom
13K reviews
Replied to 100% of negative reviews
Typically replies within 24 hours
Locations ( 5 )
2 King Street, DE45 1DZ Bakewell, Derbyshire, GB
4.6
(28)
Middle of the Mill, Staveley Mill Yard, LA8 9LR Staveley, England, GB
4.5
(16)
Prospect Road, Beechburn Industrial Estate, DL15 8RA Crook, England, GB
4.3
(8)
High Ousegate 14, YO1 8RZ York, England, GB
Dyson Place 6, Sheffield, S11 8XX Sheffield, Sharrow, GB
3.9
(3)
People also looked at
www.sportsshoes.com
(87K)
cottontraders.com
4.4
(182K)
www.brandalley.co.uk
(82K)
www.ln-cc.com
3.7
(2K)
www.gooutdoors.co.uk
4.8
(232K)
endclothing.com
(119K)
saltrock.com
4.9
(20K)
passenger-clothing.com
(41K)
All reviews
13,438 total
Write a review
5-star
83%
4-star
7%
3-star
3%
2-star
2%
1-star
5%
More filters
Most recent
Second pair of Trailfly Max Wide
Second pair of Trailfly Max Wide. I think Inov8 have added some extra padding around the heel collar to resolve stability issues which people were complaining about. Whether that is true or not, this pair feel more locked in and stable to me, although my toes are very slightly more prone to hitting the front on steep descents. Different lashes in this pair as well, same as laces on Standard Trailflys.
Date of experience : 29 July 2025
Great jacket
Great jacket. Lovely soft material with just the necessary features. Packs away really small. Quick delivery hassle-free.
Date of experience : 12 August 2025
Great product, quick service
Great product, quick service.
Great service
Great service. Super speedy
Date of experience : 13 August 2025
Love my new Inov8 F-lite shoes
Love my new Inov8 F-lite shoes! Use them mostly for Crossfit, but also started using them to just walk around as they are that great! I am so happy they brought them back, as I had a few pairs of F-lite shoes years ago before they stopped making them.
Date of experience : 17 July 2025
Reply from INOV8
Hi Chris, Thank you so much for leaving this great review! We hope you will continue to enjoy your INOV8 kit. With thanks, The INOV8 Team
Great company ordering was easy very…
Great company ordering was easy very quick delivery
Date of experience : 11 August 2025
Hi Karen, Thank you for taking your time to leave us some feedback. It is great to hear you are happy with your shopping experience. Best wishes, The INOV8 Team
High quality product
High quality product. Perfect fit.
Date of experience : 27 July 2025
Hi Katherine, Thank you so much for the great review! Best wishes, The INOV8 team
Love my Inov8’s
Love my Inov8’s. I used to wear Solomon. Now I wear Inov8. Try them. I did.
Hi there, Thank you so much for leaving this great review! We hope you will continue to enjoy your INOV8 kit. With thanks, The INOV8 Team
I’ve only ever had the best experience…
I’ve only ever had the best experience from Inov-8
Date of experience : 10 August 2025
I absolutely love this shoes
I absolutely love this shoes. I bought the wrong size at fist but the company was very nice about it and sended me the right ones. I bought the flat shoe for the gym. Now I wish to buy more for day to day use
Date of experience : 23 July 2025
Hi Ben, Thank you for taking your time to leave us some feedback. It is great to hear you are happy with your shopping experience. Best wishes, The INOV8 Team
Awful communication and tardy refund
The hiking boots did not fit unfortunately. This, in itself, is not the company's fault, obviously; however, it was the ineffective, frustrating and tardy nature of the company's communication that was absolutely awful. I asked direct questions which were, infuriatingly, not addressed in the response, leaving me frustrated that my points were either not comprehended or dismissed out of hand. I will not be shopping ay INOV8 again and have spoken to friends and colleagues about the awful experience.
Date of experience : 24 July 2025
Hi Elizabeth, Thank you for taking the time to leave us some feedback, but we are sorry to hear that weren't satisfied with our customer service. We can see that the team mostly responded to you on the same date as you contacted us, and time you were waiting to hear back varied from a 2 hour wait to a 4 minute wait, apart from one email that arrived after the offices were closed, but that was replied to as soon as the team were back to work the next day. We can also see that your refund was issued a few hours after your return back to our warehouse, but we apologise if you were expecting a refund before the return was delivered back. We also apologise that the team weren't able to exchange the product like you originally requested, but we do state online, and the team did mention in their emails to you, that exchanges are subject to availability, and they do have to issue a refund if the desired item isn't available. We will pass your feedback to the customer service team so they can look into what improvements can be made, but we apologise again that your experience with us wasn't what we hoped. All the best, The INOV8 team
Great trainers. Great service
Fast delivery. Sizing guide from website gave perfect fit.
Date of experience : 09 August 2025
Hi there, Thank you so much for leaving this great review! It is lovely to hear that you had a great experience with us and we hope you will continue to enjoy your INOV8 kit. With thanks, The INOV8 Team
Easy website to deal with and quick…
Easy website to deal with and quick delivery. The description of the trainer was exact and it feels and behaves like it. The wide fitting is a godsend for me. It fits perfectly. Will be buying another pair for sure soon.
Date of experience : 25 July 2025
Hi Voula, Thank you so much for the great review! Best wishes, The INOV8 team
A good shoe.
They are as expected, but run small. Too small to size up.
Hi Flora, Thank you for your feedback. We are sorry to hear that you have found them to be too small. We do offer 30 day returns, so you can exchange them for a bigger size if needed. You can find all the return info on the returns page on the website. We hope this helps and please do let the customer care team know if you have any further questions. All the best, The INOV8 Team
I love the look of the shoe but I…
I love the look of the shoe but I should have really understood that the fit may not have been for me. They they too wide and the sizing is a size that normally not want I order. So it feels all out of wack.
Date of experience : 08 August 2025
Hi Lucia, Thank you for taking the time to leave us some feedback. We are sorry to hear that you have had some problems with the fit/size of your shoes. We do offer 30 day returns as long as they have only been worn inside and are in the original packaging. You can find all the return info on the returns page on the website. We hope this helps and please do let the customer care team know if you have any further questions. Kind regards, The INOV8 Team
Super fast international shipping
Date of experience : 05 August 2025
Hi Marie, Thank you so much for leaving this great review! It is lovely to hear that you had a great experience with us and we hope you will continue to enjoy your INOV8 kit. With thanks, The INOV8 Team
Quick delivery, great product.
Online orders in eu shop, delivery is quick and cheap.
Date of experience : 08 July 2025
Thank you so much for leaving this great review. It is lovely to hear that you had a great experience with us and we hope you will continue to enjoy your INOV8 kit. With thanks, The INOV8 Team
Exceptionaly quick delivery arrived…
Exceptionaly quick delivery arrived within 1 day of order placement. Web site fitting size guide very accurate & worth the time to calculate my exact width& size options. I really like the shoes and they perform well.
Date of experience : 07 August 2025
Thank you for taking your time to leave us some feedback. It is great to hear you are happy with your shopping experience. Best wishes, The INOV8 Team
My New Brand
Aside from being required to pay return shipping charges, service and product are A+. These shoes put On, Brooks, and the others to shame.
Thank you so much for taking your time to leave us some feedback. We really appreciate it :) All the best, The INOV8 Team
Very happy with the service
Size guide on the website was very helpful and the trainers I bought fitted perfectly. Delivery came within a few days of purchase. Very happy with the service.
Thank you for taking your time to leave us some feedback. It is great to hear you are happy with your shopping experience :) Best wishes, The INOV8 Team
Anyone can write a Trustpilot review. People who write reviews have ownership to edit or delete them at any time, and they’ll be displayed as long as an account is active .
Companies can ask for reviews via automatic invitations. Labeled Verified, they’re about genuine experiences. Learn more about other kinds of reviews.
We use dedicated people and clever technology to safeguard our platform. Find out how we combat fake reviews .
Learn about Trustpilot’s review process .
Here are 8 tips for writing great reviews .
Verification can help ensure real people are writing the reviews you read on Trustpilot.
Offering incentives for reviews or asking for them selectively can bias the TrustScore, which goes against our guidelines .
Men's Fell Running Shoes
Superior grip over soft, muddy or rocky ground. Shop our legendary range of men's fell running shoes.
See also: Men's Trail Running Shoes | Men's Running Socks | Men's Running Clothes | Men's Running Waterproofs | Men's Running Jackets | Running Belts & Waist Packs
Men's Hiking Footwear
Short walk or long adventure, our men's hiking footwear range can handle any terrain.
All Round Gym Shoes
Train, lift, climb, run or jump - our versatile all round gym shoes can handle anything your workout throws at you.
THE NATURAL HIGH
Trail Running Gear
Shop our range of high performance trail running gear - including award winning shoes, clothing and accessories. The go-to kit for running trails or ultras.
4.7 out of 5 Trustpilot
Mens Shoes & Clothing
Boasting the ultimate in grip, award-winning innovative design and pioneering technology our mens range of shoes and clothing is designed for action.
Women's Zero Drop Running Shoes
Women’s zero drop running shoes for any terrain. Whether trail or road, our shoes help you run fast while enjoying a more natural running experience.
Men's Trail Running Shorts
Hit the trails with our comfortable, lightweight and breathable trail running shorts for men.
Men's Cross Training Shoes
Cardio, lifting, rope climbs and everything in between. Shop our range of men's cross training shoes.
BAKEWELL STORE & COFFEE SHOP
The Bakewell brand store is our first in the Peak District, UK.
Nestled in the heart of a town renowned as a hub for outdoor sports and adventures, it sells INOV8 branded running, hiking and fitness gear. From shoes to shorts and bags to beanies, it’s kitted out in award-winning footwear, clothing and equipment from across our collections.
The store is open 7 days a week and staffed by knowledgeable new members of the INOV8 team, all of whom have a passion for the brand and the outdoors.
We are also excited to be partnering with Summat who are running a coffee shop within the store. Summat is a local company who already have a successful hub in Bakewell that is popular with the running, cycling and gym communities. We are delighted that they’ve expanding to join us in this venture.
2 King Street
Bakewell
Derbyshire
DE45 1DZ
Email the Bakewell Store
Men's Trail Running Shoes
Any terrain. Any distance. All conditions. Award-winning men's trail running shoes.
See also: Men's Ultra Running Shoes | Men's Fell Running Shoes | Men's All Terrain Running Shoes | Men's Mud Running Shoes | Men's OCR Shoes
JavaScript is not available.
We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.
Help Center
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.
Men's Hiking Clothes
Stay dry and warm with our men's hiking jackets, tops and legwear. Our hiking range features recycled yarn content throughout.
Hiking Trousers
Water & wind resistant hiking trousers. Made with stretch fabric, our trousers are comfortable, hard-wearing & breathable.
F-Lite Mens
4mm Drop
260 g
Run, lift, jump and climb in our most flexible and versatile cross training shoe. Meet the F-LITE.
Building on the reputation our F-LITE shoes have built in the cross training community, this new shoe is lightweight, comfortable, flexible and highly breathable.
The F-LITE's upper is made from a single piece of engineered air mesh that allows your feet to move freely and breathe during your workout. Reinforced overlays at the toe prevent stubs on weights and other hazards, while a MET-CRADLE overlay forms a protective glove around the midfoot to help support and stabilise you during lifting exercises. In addition ROPETEC technology in the arch of the shoe gives you protection during rope climbs.
Feel bouncy and light with the combination of a cushioned POWERFLOW MAX midsole and a BOOMERANG FOOTBED that delivers high levels of energy return during cardio workouts. The POWERFLOW MAX midsole foam strikes the perfect balance between cushioning during high-impact exercises and the rigidity you need to support you when weightlifting.
A versatile gym shoe for workouts that combine cardio and lifting, the F-LITE is the perfect choice for you if you want a single shoe for all types of training.
Feel cushioned and stable during your workout with the F-LITE's POWERFLOW MAX foam midsole. This innovative foam strikes the perfect balance between cushioning for high impact exercise and cardio, and the rigidity you want when weightlifting.
Protection and durability during rope climbs. ROPE-TEC technology embedded into the midsection of the outsole and around the arch of the foot gives protection from friction on rope climbs, and delivers increased durability.
Women's Cardio Training Shoes
Lightweight and supportive cardio training shoes for women. Ideal for general cardio, treadmill or indoor running.
Lightweight & Waterproof Hiking Jackets
Designed to keep you protected from the wind and the rain, our hiking jackets are also light and packable.
Gym Joggers & Leggings
TrailFly Womens
Awards
Ideal For Hard and Rocky Ground
Suitable For Everyday Training
Trail Running
280g
Graphene Enhanced Rubber Grip
Run every day on hard, dry and rocky trails in the TRAILFLY, your new go-to shoe for training runs and longer trail races.
The TRAILFLY's 4mm rubber studs are perfect for gripping rock and hard-packed, dry ground. These hard-wearing studs have been positioned in such a way to make the shoe faster, by helping you push off at the toe, as well as helping you brake quicker at the heel. The GRAPHENE-GRIP rubber outsole has also been improved from previous models to give better traction in wet conditions.
The brand-new anatomical shape of the TRAILFLY hugs the natural contours of your foot, locking in at the heel and widening at the toes for a secure, comfortable feel. Built into that there are two specific fits - Standard and Wide. Go Wide Fit if you have wider feet or like an extra comfortable feel with more wiggle room for toes. It allows for greater comfort when running longer distances, when toes can often swell.
The TRAILFLY has a thicker wedge of foam cushioning when compared to its speedier cousin, the TRAILFLY SPEED. This extra cushioning allows you to run further and feel fresher for longer, while also managing to preserve the ground-feel you need when running on technical terrain.
A flexible META-SHANK rock plate protects you from painful sharp rocks and tree roots underfoot, allowing you to move confidently over the most challenging of terrains.
Ideal for summer and dry weather trail running, the TRAILFLY is a comfortable everyday training shoe that you won't want to take off. Use it for day-to-day running or even for ultramarathons and get a comfortable and protective ride.
Running Footwear
To maximise the life of your running shoes, make sure you dry them fully between runs. When dirty or muddy, clean your shoes to maintain the flexibility of the upper and its resistance to wear.
Washing:
For best results hand wash your shoes as close to the end of your run as possible. To wash your shoes:
Drying:
RE-WATERPROOFING:
As with all water-repellent treatments, over time they begin to lose their effectiveness. To maintain your shoe’s waterproof finish, we recommend periodically re-waterproofing them using a product such as Grangers® Footwear Repel Plus.
GRAPHENE-GRIP Rubber Outsole
4mm GRAPHENE-GRIP rubber studs are carefully positioned in multiple directions to improve grip, shed debris quickly, boost propulsion off your toes and help you brake at the heel. The graphene-enhanced rubber has also been improved to give extra grip in wet conditions, when compared to previous models.
POWERFLOW PRO Midsole
With more cushioning than its cousin, the TRAILFLY SPEED, the TRAILFLY is a great choice for everyday training or longer races. The super-lightweight POWERFLOW PRO foam midsole provides high levels of cushioning, while still allowing the ground-feel needed for running over uneven, technical terrain.
Air-Mesh Upper
A single piece of air-mesh material, making the shoe highly breathable, comfortable. Over the top of the air-mesh, thick MET-CRADLE strips connect the midfoot to the heel, creating a locked-in, secure feel when you tighten your laces.
Preserve your energy on long runs with the BOOMERANG Footbed. The insoles feature hundreds of foam beads that compress and spring back for 40% energy return during your stride. Perfect for longer runs where maximising every bit of energy counts.
Choice Of Fits
The TRAILFLY hugs the natural contours of your foot, locking you in at the heel and then widening at the toes. Available in Standard Fit and Wide Fit. Go Wide Fit if you have wide feet or would like more room when running longer distances.
Still not sure? What about these...
Goes perfectly with the TrailFly Womens
Women's Hiking Tops
Move freely and comfortably in our range of hiking tops for women - including t-shirts, base layers and midlayers.
Bare-XF Womens
0mm Drop
210g
Barefoot Training Shoe
Train more naturally with the BARE-XF gym shoes. Whether you're thinking of transitioning to more minimalist training shoes, or you've trained that way for a while, the BARE-XF strikes the perfect balance between freedom and protection.
Featuring a wider and anatomically shaped toe box, the BARE-XF allows your toes to naturally splay and adapt to any exercise you're performing.
Starting at the ground a 2.5mm sticky rubber outsole gives you uncompromising grip and traction whether you're lifting or performing high impact movements. The BARE-XF has no midsole cushioning and, with a zero-drop, offers a true close-to-the-ground feeling when working out.
Within the shoe, our 6mm thick BOOMERANG FOOTBED provides cushioning and energy return during challenging cardio or high impact exercise sessions.
A highly breathable, engineered air mesh upper will jeep you comfortable during your workout. At the same time a Met-Cradle wraps around your midfoot to keep you stable during high intensity exercises such as jumps.
If you're looking for a minimalist/barefoot training shoe, look no further. Introducing the BARE-XF - less shoe, more you!
No Midsole = More Natural Feel
Feel the ground beneath you. A close to the ground design gives you a more natural/barefoot feel. Most gym shoes have a thick wedge of midsole foam to cushion impacts. The BARE-XF does away with this to enhance spatial awarenss and control of your feet.
A seamless and highly breathable engineered mesh and 3D printed upper construction combine to keep your feet cool and dry during intense workouts. At the same time a supportive Met-Cradle wraps protectively around your foot to keep you stable during high impact exercise.
Protection and durability during rope climbs. ROPE-TEC technology embedded into the midsection of the outsole, around the arch of the foot and the shoe's upper gives protection from friction on rope climbs, and delivers increased durability.
Goes perfectly with the Bare-XF Womens
Women's Running Tights, Leggings & Waterproof Trousers
High performance women's running tights and race-compliant waterproof running trousers. Perfect for training or racing.
SUSTAINABILITY
We care passionately about the impact of the climate emergency on the communities we serve and the landscapes we love. As a business we take our environmental impact extremely seriously. We know we can do better, and we’re on a journey to become a more sustainable, circular business.
A Timeline Of Our Sustainability Journey
You can buy a repair for any INOV8 clothing or equipment item by bringing it to any UK INOV8 brand store. Our turnaround time is about 3 weeks. Full details and price list available in store. We do not offer footwear repairs yet - but watch this space!
First Sustainability Strategy developed with Dr Anne Prahl. Our focus was on increasing product durability, reducing environmental impact, and supporting our communities.
First iteration of RENOV8 , our circularity project. Initially, this focused on repair and resale of clothing and equipment. We gave 145 products a second life through this project, many of which were previously damaged and destined for landfill.
RENOV8 expands our circularity offering:
673 end-of-life INOV8 shoes recycled with Fast Feet Grinded so far
130 pairs of used INOV8 shoes in our footwear refurbishment pilot programme so far
Measured our first INOV8 carbon footprint, including all supply chain impacts
Ambitious carbon targets set
Read More About Sustainability at INOV8
Find out more about our pioneering scheme to repair, refurbish and recycle INOV8 gear at our UK stores.
TrailFly Mens
Preserve your energy on long runs with the BOOMERANG Footbed. The insoles feature hundreds of foam beads that compress and spring back for 40% energy return during your stride. Perfect for longer runs where maximising every bit of energy counts.Â Â
Goes perfectly with the TrailFly Mens
Trail Running Equipment & Accessories
Trail running equipment and accessories to help you push your boundaries - including backpacks, waist packs and hydration vests.
Men's Ultra Running Shoes
Award-winning cushioned and protective ultra running shoes for men. Worn by some of the best ultrarunners on the planet.
See also: Men's Trail Running Shoes | Men's Mud Running Shoes | Men's Running Socks | Men's Running Clothes | Trail Running Equipment
Women's Trail Running Clothing & Kit
Stay warm and protected with our range of high performance women's trail running clothing.
Cardio Training Shoes
Specially designed cardio training shoes to help you tackle any cardio, treadmill or indoor running workout.
Hiking Gloves
Stay warm and dry on your hike with our range of high performance hiking gloves and mittens.
USA Shipping
All orders are shipped from our US warehouse and are normally processed within two working days of you placing an order. We do not currently ship orders on Saturday or Sunday.
When you place an order with us you will receive a confirmation email within one hour. When your order ships from our warehouse you will recieve a tracking number for your order. Please note that shipping information can take up to 72 hours to register on a carrier's website after your tracking number.
Returns
If you need to return a product , you can do this within 30 days of receiving your order to get a full refund.
Returns cost $7.50 and it normally takes 5–10 working days from receipt for us to process your return and issue your refund.
International Shipping & Delivery
The information on this page is for orders placed and delivered in the US only.
However, we do ship to many other countries around the world. To see information for placing an order for international delivery, switch your country to the country you wish the order to be delivered to, using the dropdown list in the footer.
Top Sports
INOV8 RUNNING CLUB
Empowering the world's physical & mental fitness through more fulfilling sporting experiences. Pioneering products and innovations that keep athletes within the flow. #AmbitionInMotion
Upcoming Club Event
Sign up to see these details and more
Last Week's Leaders
This Week's Leaderboard
Sign Up for Free. Track your progress and reach goals. Join 100 million active people on Strava.
See More from INOV8 RUNNING CLUB
Find motivation and track your own activities. Join 100 million+ people on Strava.
TRAILFLY™ MAX
Road Running Shoes
Whether you never stray off road, or you like to mix it up, we've got you covered with our range of road running shoes.
See also: Men's Road Running Shoes | Women's Road Running Shoes | All Terrain Running Shoes | Trail Running Shoes | Running Socks | Running Clothes
Men's Hiking Socks
Hike in all seasons with our range of high performance men's hiking socks.
Trail Running Clothing & Kit
High performance trail running clothing to keep you warm and protected against all of the elements.
Bare-XF Mens
Goes perfectly with the Bare-XF Mens
Women's Weightlifting Shoes
Explosive power, stability and support - take your lifting to the next level with our range of women's weightlifting shoes.
Men's Barefoot Gym Shoes
Stripped back shoes that bring your foot closer to the ground. Shop our range of men's natural and barefoot gym shoes.
Limited Edition F-LITE™ MAX
We’ve teamed up with CrossFit Games veteran and INOV8 athlete Scott Panchik to launch a limited-edition F -LITE ™ MAX.
This exciting collaboration sees the popular shoe updated to match Scott’s style and training demands. It’s finished in a custom colourway and signed off with his name.
Athlete forged design
Co-created with Scott for elite natural performance.
Lift heavier
Patent-pending heel stabiliser proven to give more stability underfoot.
Greater protection
Hardened rubber sidewalls allow for confident rope climbing.
“The best sneaker I’ve worn in a long time”
Shop F-LITE™ Series
Men's Gym Joggers
Tackle your workout head-on with our men's gym joggers. The pefect combination of comfort, durability and freedom of movement.
Women's Gym & Cross Training Clothes
Workout in style with our range of women's gym clothes. Perfect for hard training and everyday wear.
Women's Footwear
Women's Tops
F-Fly Womens
All Round Training Shoe
A lightweight gym shoe to tackle any workout - meet the F-FLY. Designed to give superior cushioning and bounce during treadmill running and cardio sessions, the F-FLY is also versatile enough to be worn for weightlifting, functional fitness movements or wherever your workout takes you.
Feel light and bouncy thanks to the combination of a POWERFLOW PRO midsole and BOOMERANG FOOTBED. These work together to give you the cushioning and energy return during high impact exercise, whether that's running or jump squats. At the same time, we've designed the POWERFLOW PRO in such a way that you can still feel the ground, for that more natural feel when you train.
The F-FLY benefits from a new anatomical fit that locks securely in around your heel, but then widens around your toes. This allows your toes to splay when running or lifting, giving you a comfortable, stable base from which to attack your workout. In addition a lightweight, 3D print Met-Cradle wraps around your midfoot to give you support and stability during high impact exercise.
A single piece of engineered air mesh makes the F-FLY extremely breathable, keeping you dry and comfortable during intense training sessions. For cross training workouts involving rope climbs, there's also ROPE-TEC technology in the arch which gives you extra grip and protection.
If you're looking for a versatile gym shoe that can go from the treadmill to the weights bench, look no further thant the F-FLY!
A bouncy, cushioned ride that retains high levels of responsiveness is provided by the new POWERFLOW PRO foam midsole. This amazing underfoot comfort and propulsion is built in a way that still allows for the ground-feel you need when running or performing high-impact exercises.
Preserve your energy with the BOOMERANG Footbed. The insoles feature hundreds of foam beads that compress and spring back for 40% energy return during your stride. Perfect for longer cardio sessions, where maximising every bit of energy counts.Â Â
Goes perfectly with the F-Fly Womens
Free Shipping over €125
Trail Running Tops
Whether it's hot and humid, or cold and wet, our trail running tops will help you perform at your best.
Women's Hiking Socks
Comfortable and warm women's hiking socks.
Men's Hiking Tops
High performance men's hiking tops. T-shirts and long sleeve tops made for durability and to allow you to move freely.
Creating an account has many benefits: check out faster, keep more than one address, track orders and more.
This form is protected by reCAPTCHA - the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
What are your interests?
If you have an account, sign in with your email address.
Men's Hiking Shorts
Made with recycled polyester, our men's hiking shorts are lightweight and breathable.
Men's Trail Running Tops
Shop our range of trail running tops for men. T-shirts and long sleeve tops for year round running.
Women's Lightweight & Waterproof Hiking Jackets
Our range of women's hiking jackets are designed to protect you from the wind and rain, with fully waterproof options available too.
Womens Running Shoes
Shop our range of award-winning running shoes for women. Lightweight, responsive shoes that offer legendary grip, even when running on the most challenging of terrains.
Men's Zero Drop Running Shoes
Men’s zero drop running shoes for any terrain. Whether trail or road, our shoes help you run fast while enjoying a more natural running experience.
Men's Hiking Shoes
Hike over any terrain with our lightweight men's hiking shoes.
Women's Trail Running Shorts
Our trail running shorts have a women-specific fit and are designed to move with your body.
New Arrivals
Shop newly-arrived footwear, clothing & equipment from our high performance collection of trail running, gym & hiking gear.
See all:
Hiking Accessories & Equipment
Whether it's a short hike or multi day adventure, our range of hiking accessories and equipment is designed with speed in mind.
F-Fly Mens
Goes perfectly with the F-Fly Mens
Women's Hiking Shoes
Hike over hard or soft ground in our range of women's hiking shoes.
Running Hydration Vests
Stay hydrated/store essential kit during long runs and races with our range of running hydration vests.
BUILT TO BE BOLD
Cross Training Gear
Shop our range of high performance cross training shoes & clothing. Gear for cardio, lifting, functional fitness or all round wear - we've got you covered.
F-Lite Womens
ROCLITE PRO MID GTX
Technical, protective hiking boots. The ROCLITE PRO MID GTX boots are ideal for demanding day hikes, multi-day backpacking trips & thru-hikes.
Women's Hiking Shorts
Designed to allow freedom of movement while walking, our women's hiking shorts are made using recycled polyester.
FEAR NO TERRAIN
Walking & Hiking Gear
Shop our range of performance walking & hiking gear. Designed to keep you dry, warm & comfortable during short walks through to multi-day hiking adventures.
Running Tights, Leggings & Waterproof Trousers
Stay warm and protected in all weathers. High performance running tights and waterproof running trousers.
Forgot Your Password?
Women's Windproof & Waterproof Running Jackets
Keep out the elements with our range of waterproof, windproof and thermal trail running jackets for women.
Men's Gym & Workout Tops
Smash your workout in our range of men's gym tops. Tank tops, t-shirts and hoodies that you can train in and wear casually too.
Roadfly Mens
Ideal For Road
Road Running
Rubber Grip
265G
Run fast on pavements, paths and roads with the ROADFLY - a road running shoe made with trail running know-how.
For the ROADFLY we've taken a trail shoe, and stripped out the technology you don't need, while leaving what you do. The result is a lightweight road running shoe that benefits from some of the unique features that we've developed for the trails.
Paved and road surfaces are often uneven and rough. A MET-CRADLE creates a locked-in feel by creating a supportive cradle between top of your foot and your arch, helping you to feel more stable when running over broken or uneven ground. At the same time, a Meta Flex groove in the shoe adapts, reacts and moulds to uneven terrain. This groove makes the ROADFLY less rigid and works with your foot's midtarsal joint to increase flex and mobility.
A highly responsive, but cushioned road shoe, the ROADFLY benefits from the combination of a BOOMERANG FOOTBED and POWERFLOW PRO midsole foam. These two combine to deliver outstanding cushioning and bounce as you run over the hardest of surfaces. Grip is provided by a rubber outsole ensures you have traction on slick road surfaces, allowing you to keep your footing in wet conditions.
The ROADFLY's upper is made from a single piece of engineered mesh for comfort and breathability, while a slim, gusseted tongue keeps debris and grit out of the shoe. In addition, reflective detailing at the front of the shoe helps increase your visibility to road users on those early morning or night time runs.
This is a road shoe, the INOV8 way. Lightweight, cushioned and brimming with technical features, the ROADFLY is made for the realities of uneven roads, paths and pavements.
Rubber Outsole
Get a firm grip on slick roads and pavements with the ROADFLY's rubber outsole. This provides high levels of traction on all paved and road surfaces, while not compromising on the shoe's responsivenes.
A bouncy, cushioned ride that retains high levels of responsiveness is provided by the new POWERFLOW PRO foam midsole. This amazing underfoot comfort and propulsion is built in a way that still allows for the ground-feel you need when running over uneven pavements and roads.
Engineered Mesh Upper
Enjoy a comfortable ride thanks to the ROADFLY's one-piece engineered upper. This material is highly breathable and is overlaid by a MET-CRADLE, which wraps around your midfoot supportively to give you a more stable, locked-in feel when running.
Anatomical Fit
The ROADFLY hugs the natural contours of your foot, locking you in at the heel and then widening at the toes. This anatomical fit allows your feet to splay and feel the ground, while still giving you that secure feel that you need when running fast.
THE PINNACLE
Yannick Noël is one of the world's leading ultra-trail runners. Unlike many others, he's not a professional athlete, instead working as a committed pastry chef.
Trail Running Socks
One of the most important pieces of kit! Shop our popular range of high-quality trail running socks.
Men's Trail Running Clothing & Kit
High performance men's trail running clothing to keep you warm and protected during training or racing.
Gym Shoes
Light and responsive gym shoes designed to deliver explosive power, speed and unrivalled grip.
INOV8 Stores
INOV8 THE FORGE
Staveley, Cumbria
INOV8 THE OUTLET
Crook, County Durham
INOV8 Bakewell
Bakewell, Derbyshire
Sheffield, Yorkshire
INOV8 YORK
York, North Yorkshire
Women's Road Running Shoes
Shoes for road, treadmill or multi terrain running. Our range of women's road running shoes have got you covered!
See also: Women's All Terrain Running Shoes | Women's Trail Running Shoes | Women's Running Socks | Women's Running Clothes
Roadfly Womens
CARING FOR YOUR INOV8 PRODUCT
Find out how to take care of your INOV8 gear in our product care guide. Includes detail on washing, drying, storage and re-waterproofing.
RUNNING SHOES
Please do not wash your shoes in a washing machine or dry your shoes in a tumble dryer/ Direct on a radiator as this will void the warranty.
GYM SHOES
WALKING FOOTWEAR
It’s important to regularly clean your walking boots or shoes in order to maintain the effectiveness of its upper and waterproof membrane.
For best results hand wash your shoes as close to the end of your hike as possible. To wash your shoes:
WATERPROOF JACKETS
Over time all waterproof jackets lose their water repellence. To maintain this we recommend re-proofing your jacket every 6-12 months. If you have a big race or adventure coming up, it’s always wise to re-proof your jacket.
We recommend using Grangers® Wash + Repel Clothing 2 in 1 to re-proof your jacket. This cleans and re-proofs your jacket in a single washing machine cycle. Alternatively you can apply Grangers® Performance Repel Plus spray to your jacket after it has been washed (and still wet).
CLOTHING
Please consider the environment when deciding when to wash your clothing. Obviously if you’ve done a particularly long/intense activity in a garment and it smells, it’s probably time to put it in the wash. But you can often get several wears out of your kit without washing, by simply hanging it up and letting it air between uses.
MERINO WOOL CLOTHING
Merino wool garments don’t need to be washed as often as synthetic clothing. We recommend only washing if the garment smells, you’ve done intense exercise in it, or you know you won’t use it now for a prolonged period.
To reduce the need to wash your Merino clothing as often, let it air and dry fully between uses.
Like all woollen clothing, Merino can be quite appetising to some species of moth. To protect your clothing:
PACKS & BAGS
To keep your pack or bag at its best, hand wash using cold running water and then leave to dry naturally. For stubborn dirt, grime or odour, we recommend using Grangers® Footwear & Gear Cleaner spray to clean and refresh your gear.
FLASKS & RESERVOIRS
Our flasks can be filled with either gels or fluids.
All of our flasks, reservoirs and cups have a wide working temperature range of up to 60C/140F. They can also be frozen too – ideal for runs or hikes in warmer weather when you want to keep fluids cool for as long as possible.
Hand wash using warm water and washing up/dishwashing liquid. Do not place in a dishwasher.
THERMOSHELL PRO JACKET
For best results, and to rejuvenate the Primaloft® Black Insulation ThermoPlume, it is best to tumble dry your THERMOSHELL PRO on a low heat setting. Add drier balls or clean tennis balls into the tumble drier to aid even drying and prevent the insulation from clumping.
Once the jacket begins to dry it will start to fluff up again, at which stage you can gently shake it to agitate and redistribute the down insulation. Continue to tumble dry at 15-minute intervals until the down is dry.
We recommend storing your THERMOSHELL PRO loose, rather than packed down into its pocket. This helps maintain the loft (the fluffiness) of your jacket.
Women's Fell Running Shoes
Move quickly over soft, muddy or rocky ground with our range of women's fell running shoes.
See also: Women's Trail Running Shoes | Women's Running Socks | Women's Running Clothes | Women's Running Waterproofs | Women's Running Jackets | Running Belts & Waist Packs
Women's Trail Running Tops
Beat the elements with our high performance range of women's trail running tops. T-shirts and long sleeve tops for all weathers.
Gym & Cross Training Clothes
Workout in style with our range of gym & cross training clothes. Athletic, functional design. Exercise in comfort in durable clothing that won't let you down.
See also: Men's Gym & Workout Clothes | Women's Gym & Workout Clothes | Gym Tops | Gym Legwear | Gym Socks
NATURAL FIT ™
Innovative footwear to unlock your full, natural potential
In 2024 we radically redefined the design and fit of our footwear to work naturally with the foot. Using cutting-edge technologies, our footwear allows you to move freely and unlock your body's full, natural potential.
“Our new design and fit ensures the foot controls the shoe, not the other way round. It's as nature intended”
Why NATURAL FIT ™?
Move Freely
Push with confidence and move freely while adapting to all challenges.
Connect Underfoot
Gain true underfoot connection through grip, ground feel and agility.
Feel Faster
Get lightweight cushioning and protection that support a faster, natural feel.
Stay Healthy
Dig deeper with enhanced natural comfort for longer-lasting foot health.
NATURAL FIT™ Design
Locking in at the heel and midfoot for confidence-boosting control, our footwear widens at the toes, allowing them to splay and perform naturally.
Combining the new fit with pioneering grip patterns and modern cushioned foams, allows you to reconnect with what's underfoot and achieve your full, natural potential.
The NATURAL FIT ™ range
Tailor Your Fit
Choose from different widths in the toe-box to tailor your NATURAL FIT ™ feel.
NATURAL FIT ™ – Precision
Our narrowest toe-box width, reserved for off-trail running shoes.
NATURAL FIT ™ – Standard
Our most common toe-box width, right in the middle of Precision and Wide.
NATURAL FIT ™ – Wide
Our widest toe-box width, giving extra room and comfort for those who want it.
Get The Right Size & NATURAL FIT ™
Measure the length of your foot using our Size & Width guide. If in doubt, go up half a size to allow more space should your toes swell amid hot conditions or prolonged exercise.
Gym Socks & Accessories
Shop our bestselling range of trail running, hiking and gym gear. High performance footwear, clothing and accessories to help you push harder and further.
Women's Trail Running Socks
Comfortable women's trail running socks for every season. Available in a variety of lengths.
Women's Gym & Workout Tops
Cardio, lifting, functional fitness and everything in between - our women's gym tops won't let you down.
F-Lite Max Mens
Terms and Conditions of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
These terms tell you the rules for using our website https://www.inov8.com/us/ (our site).
https://www.inov8.com/us/ is a site operated by INOV8 Inc. (We). We are registered in United Staes of America under company number 4195383 and have our registered office at Inoveight Inc, 290 Turnpike Rd Ste 6-303 Westborough, MA, 01581-2843 United States. Our main trading address is Inoveight Inc, 290 Turnpike Rd Ste 6-303 Westborough, MA, 01581-2843 United States. Our VAT number is 45-1000546.
To contact us, please email [email protected] or telephone our customer service line on 01388 744900.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.
By using our site, you accept these terms of use.
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
If you purchase goods or services from our site, our Terms and Conditions of Sale www.inov8.com/us/legal/terms-and-conditions will apply to the sales.
If you purchase goods from us, our Terms and conditions of supply will apply.
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users' needs and our business priorities.
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons.
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.
Our site is directed to people residing in the United States of America. We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate for use or available in other locations.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at [email protected] .
Your account details are your responsibility and you must keep these safe and confidential.
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged (except where the content is user-generated).
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy, download, share or repost any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
As we own all material on our site, you may only use such materials for your personal use and must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way.
You shall not conduct, facilitate, authorise or permit any text or data mining or web scraping in relation to our site or any services provided via, or in relation to, our site. This includes using (or permitting, authorising or attempting the use of):
The provisions in this clause should be treated as an express reservation of our rights in this regard, including for the purposes of Article 4(3) of Digital Copyright Directive ((EU) 2019/790).
This clause shall not apply insofar as (but only to the extent that) we are unable to exclude or limit text or data mining or web scraping activity by contract under the laws which are applicable to us.
This site, its content and any services provided in relation to the same are only targeted to, and intended for use by, individuals located in the United States of America (each, a Permitted Territory). By continuing to access, view or make use of this site and any related content and services, you hereby warrant and represent to us that you are located in a Permitted Territory. If you are not located in a Permitted Territory, you must immediately discontinue use of this Website and any related content and services.
You must not conduct or permit any use of text or dating mining/scraping from our website using any form of software or technology.
You may only use this website if you are based in the United States of America.
The content on our site is provided for general information only.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
All information on our website is for general information only and may not be up to date at the time of use.
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties (including payment partners, such as Klarna or Clearpay), these links are provided for your information only. These links are to websites or pages over which we have no control or responsibility. Once you leave our website, any information contained on those third party liked websites should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
If you click on a link on our website to a third party site, we have no control or responsibility over the third party’s website.
This website may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the site, through review platforms such as Trustpilot. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
If you wish to complain about any content on our site, please contact us on www.inov8.com/us/contact.
We exclude all liability in respect of any use of our website for commercial purposes.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to the supply of any products by us to you, which will be set out in our Terms and conditions of supply .
We will only use your personal information as set out in our www.inov8.com/us/legal/privacy-policy .
If we restrict access to any content you upload to our service in a way that breaches these terms of service, you have a right to bring a claim against us for breach of contract.
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities, and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Any viruses introduced onto our site by you would be committing a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact [email protected]
You may link to our home page, in such a way that does not damage our reputation, or suggest any form of affiliation or endorsement that does not exist.
Please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
These terms are governed by English law.
Any trademarks used on this website, unless specified otherwise, are registered trademarks of INOV8 Inc. You are not permitted to use them without our approval. A full list of our trademarks can be found here .
INOV8 OUTLET
INOV8 THE OUTLET is our first-ever outlet store, opened in March 2023.
Located in Crook, County Durham (UK), next to our warehouse and offices, the outlet is open 7 days a week. It sells past-season INOV8 branded run, hike and fitness kit for men and women.
The outlet is staffed by knowledgeable members of the INOV8 team who will be happy to advise and answer all your questions.
Visit the outlet and grab great deals on end-of-line INOV8 kit.
14B Beechburn Industrial Estate
Prospect Road
Crook
DL15 8RA
Email the Outlet Store
Monday - 09.00-17.30
Tuesday - 09.00-17.30
Wednesday - 09.00-17.30
Thursday - 09.00-17.30
Friday - 09.00-17.30
Saturday - 09.00-17.30
Sunday - 10.00-17.00
Hiking Shoes & Trainers
Hike in confidence with our range of lightweight hiking shoes and trainers - featuring the world's toughest grip.
Men's Trail Running Socks
High performance trail running socks for men that'll keep you warm and comfortable during your run.
Women's Ultra Running Shoes
Go the distance with our range of ultra running shoes for women. Cushioned and protective shoes designed for long distance running.
See also: Women's Trail Running Shoes | Women's Mud Running Shoes | Women's Running Socks | Women's Running Clothes | Trail Running Equipment
Squat-Proof Workout Leggings
The ultimate women's workout leggings. Stretchy, squat-proof fabric allows full range of movement.
PLEASE NOTE: Check the sizing note before selecting the size of your shoe or boot for expert sizing recommendations.
Please note that we are currently transitioning to a new sizing standard that's more inclusive.
The majority of Run/Hike clothing products follow the tables within this section. However, for merino clothing products and the PERFORMANCE HYBRID GILET, please see our new clothing sizes.
Men's - Unisex Run/Hike Clothing Sizes
To make sure you get the correct fit, take a measuring tape or a piece of string and ask someone to measure your:
Chest circumference - at the widest point.
Waist circumference - at the narrowest point.
Hip circumference - at the widest point.
Women's - Unisex Run/Hike Clothing Sizes
Men's - Unisex Gym Clothing Sizes
Women's - Unisex Gym Clothing Sizes
Men's - Unisex New Clothing Sizes
Women's - Unisex New Clothing Sizes
Sizing for all socks except the EXTREME THERMO SOCK.
All our hats/beanies are one size. For our caps, please use the below sizing chart:
Sizing for all packs and bags except RACEPAC. To find your chest circumference, measure your chest at the widest point using a measuring tape or piece of string.
Men's Gym & Cross Training Clothes
Perfect for the gym. Perfect for out of the gym. Performance gym and training clothing that won't let you down.
Men's Lightweight & Waterproof Hiking Jackets
Packable, lightweight hiking jackets for men. Our jackets will keep you protected from the wind, with fully waterproof options available too.
Women's Trail Running Shoes
Hit the trails with confidence in our range of women's trail running shoes. From lightweight racers to cushioned ultra running shoes, we've got you covered.
See also: Women's Ultra Running Shoes | Women's Fell Running Shoes | Women's All Terrain Running Shoes | Women's Mud Running Shoes | Women's OCR Shoes
Cookie Policy
Cookies are a great treat after a demanding workout or hike. But cookies used by websites are quite different - here we explain all the cookies we use on inov8.com.
WHAT IS A COOKIE & HOW DO WE USE THEM?
A cookie is a small text file that’s saved onto your device when you visit a website.
We use cookies for a range of reasons, from helping our website operate and making your experience of it better, through to helping us advertise more relevant products to you.
ESSENTIAL COOKIES
Essential cookies are necessary to enable the core functionality of our website to work. We don’t need to ask your permission to use these cookies.
Here is a list of essential cookies we use on inov8.com:
ANALYTICS COOKIES
Analytics cookies use your data anonymously so we can measure and learn about how people use our website. We need your permission to set these cookies on your device, and you can withdraw your consent at any time by managing your cookie settings.
Marketing Cookies
Marketing cookies help us to measure and improve the effectiveness of our advertising. They also help us to deliver a more personalised experience to you on our website. We need your permission to set these cookies on your device, and you can withdraw your consent at any time by managing your cookie settings.
Men's Gym & Cross Training Shorts
Built for performance, our durable men's gym shorts allow you to move freely without compromising on comfort.
Men's Legwear
Women's Jackets
Fell Running Shoes
Lightweight and quick-draining fell running shoes with unrivalled grip when moving over soft, wet or rocky ground.
See also: Men's Fell Running Shoes | Women's Fell Running Shoes | Trail Running Shoes | Running Socks | Running Waterproofs | Running Belts & Waist Packs
Hiking Socks
One of the most important pieces of kit for any adventure. Check out our range of high performance hiking socks.
Free Shipping over £100
Women's Gym & Training Shoes
Whatever your workout throws at you, we've got you covered. Shop our range of women's gym and training shoes.
Womens Shoes & Clothing
Boasting the ultimate in grip, award-winning innovative design and pioneering technology our womens range of shoes and clothing is designed for action.
Gym & Cross Training Shorts
Our gym shorts are made of stretchy, squat-proof fabric that allows full range of movement, with no compromise on comfort.
RENOV8: KEEPING GEAR IN MOTION
Your dog chews your favourite rucksack, you change shape or you fall out of love with a colour. What do you do with old gear you no longer need, or that's damaged?
At INOV8, we want to take responsibility for the full lifetime of our products. RENOV8 is our project to repair, refurbish or responsibly recycle used INOV8 products, aiming to keep gear in motion for as long as possible.
Buy refurbished RENOV8 items at our flagship INOV8 store, the Forge, in Staveley, Cumbria. Expanding to other stores soon! RENOV8 products are covered by our standard warranty, as long as you provide a valid receipt which references the condition/grade the item was sold in. Details on our standard warranty can be found in our Terms & Conditions.
Trade-in your unwanted INOV8 gear at any UK INOV8 brand store. Enjoy a 20% INOV8 discount as a thank you!
Here's how it works
Bring your unwanted INOV8 gear to any UK INOV8 brand store . We accept INOV8 gear in any condition, as long as it's clean and dry. Full T&Cs apply .
Speak to a store member of staff, fill in a form, and hand over your item(s). Receive a 20% INOV8 discount as a thank you, that can be used on any full price or RENOV8 products either in one of our stores or on inov8.com.
We'll then either sort, revamp and give yourproducts a second-life or recycle anything that can't be re-worn.
Any INOV8 gear that can still be re-worn gets refurbished, reworked, and resold directly by us in store. Any footwear which can't be repaired, goes to Fast Feet Grinded, who grind and separate the materials. These are sold into supply chains such as sofa stuffing, picnic benches, and playground surfaces. And textiles which can't be repaired are kept for matching component parts for other items, and one-off upcycling projects.
When you trade-in your INOV8 gear we promise that:
Repairing, refurbishing or reusing a product is always our first port of call.
Nothing gets sent to countries without good waste infrastructure - either for disposal or resale.
We will avoid landfill at all costs.
A Form Must Be Completed In Store At The Point Of Trade-In To Receive An Inov8 Discount.
Multiple Items Can Be Traded-In Together, However Only One Discount Code Will Be Issued.
We Accept Inov8 Gear With Any Level Of Wear, But It Must Be In Clean And Dry Condition.
Socks And Underwear Are Not Accepted.
Inov8 Store Staff Reserve The Right To Reject An Item For Trade-In, For Example (But Not Limited To) If It Is Damp Or Dirty.
Discount Codes Are Single-Use And Are Valid For 12 Months From The Date Of Issue.
Discount Codes Can Be Used In Inov8 Stores Or On Inov8.Com, To Purchase Any Full Price Inov8 Or Renov8 Products.
Discount Codes Cannot Be Used In Conjunction With Any Other Offer Code.
Trade-In Voucher Codes Must Be Entered/Given At Inov8.Com/In-Store Checkout To Redeem.
Trade-In Voucher Codes Cannot Be Honoured Retrospectively If The Code Is Not Entered At Time Of Purchase.
Only Uk Customers Are Eligible To Participate In The Inov8 Trade-In Program.
Inov8 Reserves To Right To Change Take-Back Incentives At Any Point, With Immediate Effect. Value Of Discount Codes Already Issued Will Be Unaffected.
Hiking Clothes
Shop our range of high performance, environmentally conscious hiking clothing. Stay dry, warm & comfortable on your hike, however far you're going.
Hiking Backpacks
High performance hiking backpacks. Perfect for shorter hikes through to lightweight multi-day adventures.
Women's All Round Gym Shoes
Our women's all round gym shoes can handle cardio, lifting, functional fitness and everything in between.
Running Shoes
Get a grip on any surface with our range of legendary running shoes. Whatever terrain you're running on, we've got you covered.
See also: Men's Running Shoes | Women's Running Shoes | Trail Running Shoes | Ultra Running Shoes | Fell Running Shoes | All Terrain Running Shoes | Road Running Shoes
Hiking Hats & Caps
Classic and stylish hiking hats, caps and snoods.
INOV8 is proud to sponsor Lakeland Trails, who stage some of the most inspiring trail running events in the UK. For 2025 there are seven event weekends, all held in our shared backyard of the Lake District. The fun starts at Hawkshead in April and ends at Ullswater in November. Each Lakeland Trails event is renowned for its friendliness and inclusivity, with fully waymarked courses and marshals throughout. Runners of all abilities can tackle different distances at each event, with options from 5k to 100k, and lots in between. Live music and children’s fun trails add to a family atmosphere in each event village, with lots of delicious local food and drink available to buy. Our retail partner Pete Bland Sports also attends every event, giving you the chance to buy all your trail running gear essentials and try new INOV8 innovations. Our ambassadors and record-breaking trail runners are regulars at Lakeland Trails events. Not only do they help set the pace, they are always happy to give advice and tips to all runners. To find out more and enter, please visit www.lakelandtrails.org
12th April 2025
3rd May 2025
7th June 2025
8th June 2025
12th July 2025
6th September 2025
4th October 2025
8th November 2025
9th November 2025
Careers
Forge your future in the Lake District
We are looking for talented individuals to join our committed team – people who live and breathe the spirt of adventure.
From the heart of the Lake District, we design and sell our gear to over 40 countries, helping runners, hikers and gym athletes unlock their natural potential. If you want to chase a challenge and see your work make a difference, we want to hear from you.
Our available roles are posted below. If you believe your skills, experience and energy can contribute to INOV8, get in touch – even if there’s no specific role advertised.
We're especially keen to connect with those who already call the Lake District home, and those ready to make it their new basecamp.
Send your CV and a short note to [email protected] and let us know how you could make a difference.
We are looking for a part-time team member to work in our INOV8 store in Sheffield.
This is about optimising the results of a busy store, providing brilliant customer service and support. We’re looking for someone who is confident, commercial and passionate, who loves being on the shop floor and interacting with customers. This role will require weekend work.
Best known for our market leading fell and trail running shoes, INOV8 also has innovative, award winning ranges of gym and hiking products. All three categories are sold in store and we’re looking for staff who are passionate about any or all of these activities.
Reporting into the Store Manager, your role is focused on providing the best possible service to our customers, in store and by supporting online customer queries during quieter times in-store.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
The ideal candidate should have the following relevant experience:
We're not all work, no play – we understand that our team play a huge part in our story, here are some of the extensive benefits we offer our staff members:
Please send your application and CV to [email protected] .
Job Type: Part Time Expected hours: 8 - 16 per week Pay: £12.26 per hour Schedule: Weekend availability Work Location: In person
PRESS RELEASES
Interviews can be arranged on request. Please contact [email protected]
LATEST RELEASES:
19/06/25
Runners are set to get high this summer in a bid to win a free adventure trip to Nepal and entry to the world’s highest marathon.
23/05/25
INOV8 have teamed up with 10 x CrossFit Games legend Scott Panchik on an exciting new footwear collaboration that unites two originals of the sport.
14/03/25
INOV8 is beginning a bold new era in France – a priority market – following an exciting rebrand and radical footwear redesign.
10/03/25
Ahead of Stress Awareness Month (April) and Mental Health Awareness Week (May), sports brand INOV8 has launched a campaign encouraging people to reap the benefits of outdoors fun.
11/12/24
INOV8 founder Wayne Edy is back as CEO, leading the brand into an exciting 2025.
21/11/24
Sports brand INOV8 has launched its most versatile trail running shoe range ever. The new TRAILTALON series features three exciting models that are built to excel off-road on every type of terrain.
03/10/24
Sports brand INOV8 has launched its most technical training shoe ever. The new F-LITE MAX all-rounder is “built bold” for the next-generation needs of gym and fitness athletes.
08/08/24
The Lake District running race regarded as the UK’s toughest road marathon is predicting a bright future after landing INOV8 as a new lead sponsor.
06/08/24
Following a hiatus, INOV8 is re-entering the road running space with a shoe that reconnects runners to the road.
25/04/24
Sporting pioneers INOV8 have launched its 2024 ROCLITE collection, with a split hoof rubber cleat pattern that's inspired by mountain goats.
27/03/24
We're proud to announce the appointment of two dynamic US independent sales agencies to our network of outdoor, running and sports specialists.
14/04/24
The BARE-XF and F-FLY feature the biggest and most exciting design enhancements in the company’s 20+ year history.
14/03/24
INOV8 will open its doors on High Ousegate this Saturday (March 16), creating six new jobs and filling the property vacated by Costa Coffee.
14/02/24
We're proud to unveil our next generation hard-ground trail running shoes: the TRAILFLY and TRAILFLY SPEED.
01/02/2024
INOV8 Sheffield opened in Dyson Place, off Sharrow Vale Road, today (February 1), creating five new jobs.
18/01/24
The INOV8 athlete completed the 268-mile winter race, widely regarded as one of the toughest endurance events in the world, in an astonishing time of 72 hours 55 minutes.
04/01/24
The MUDTALON SPEED is the first shoe to launch from our radical new 2024 footwear collection that headlines INOV8's first-ever rebrand.
INOV8 YORK STORE
The York brand store is located at 14 High Ousegate, the former location of Costa Coffee. It's in a bustling part of the city, just a stone’s throw away from Parliament Street and The Shambles market.
14 High Ousegate
York
North Yorkshire
YO1 8RZ
Email the York Store
Monday - 09.30-17.30
Tuesday - 09.30-17.30
Wednesday - 09.30-17.30
Thursday - 09.30-17.30
Friday - 09.30-17.30
Saturday - 09.30-17.30
Women's Legwear
Women's Cross Training Shoes
Be ready for anything in our range of women's cross training shoes. Designed for cardio, lifting and everything in between.
Women's Hiking Trousers
Made with stretch fabric, our women's hiking trousers are water and wind resistant too.
Trail Running Shorts
Lightweight and breathable trail running shorts. High performance shorts that are comfortable and allow you to move freely.
Women's Hiking Boots
From short walks to multi-day hikes, our women's hiking boots won't let you down.
Hiking Tops
Performance t-shirts base layers and midlayers. Stay warm during the coldest of hikes with our hiking tops.
Women's Barefoot Gym Shoes
Move freely and more naturally in our range of women's barefoot gym shoes. Designed to allow the foot to move freely in motion.
Mens Running Shoes
Shoes with legendary grip. Whether you're running road, trail, or a bit of both, our range of men's running shoes won't let you down.
Hiking Boots
Lightweight hiking boots with the world's toughest grip to help you move fast over any terrain.
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Click here to continue shopping.
Women's Hiking Clothes
Venture lighter & faster in our range of high performance women's hiking clothes, including lightweight jackets, tops & legwear.
Ultra Running Shoes
Run long with our award-winning range of grippy, cushioned and protective ultra running shoes.
See also: Men's Ultra Running Shoes | Women's Ultra Running Shoes | Trail Running Shoes | Mud Running Shoes | Running Socks | Trail Running Equipment
If you have bought one of our items from one of our retailers, please contact this retailer directly.
Our office hours are 9am to 5pm (GMT/BST) Monday to Friday.
Normal response time when the team is working is a few hours, but during busier periods, like Black Friday and Christmas sales, it may take a little longer. The Consumer Care team are working through all enquiries and will get back to you as soon as they can. In case of a delay, we apologise for the inconvenience and appreciate your patience and understanding.
Having issues with the website? Drop us a message with the below help code for a quicker resolution:
Gym & Workout Tops
Hit the gym in style with our range of high performance workout tops. Perfect for training and everyday wear.
Men's Hiking Boots
Hike with confidence over any terrain in our men's hiking boots.
Men's Footwear
RETURNING AN ITEM
If you purchased your item on inov8.com, you can return it within 30 days of it being delivered. Returns cost $7.50.
If you purchased your item from an INOV8 store, or from one of our retail partners, you should return it to the store you purchased from.
How To Return An Item
To get a full refund for your item, you must return it:
You can start your return online to generate a returns label. To start your return you’ll need your order number (which starts with an N – this will be on your order confirmation email).
How long will your refund take
Refunds usually take 5-10 working days to process, from the date we receive your item.
Can You Get An Exchange Rather Than A Refund?
Yes, we offer exchanges rather than refunds.
However, to avoid disappointment we recommend requesting a refund and then simply reordering the product or size you would prefer on a new order. This is because exchanges are subject to availability at the point your return has been processed.
If you do choose to exchange your item, and the product you’d like to exchange to is out of stock, we will send you a refund and let you know by email.
Can You Return A Product After 30 Days?
All INOV8 products come with a 12 month warranty from the date you purchased them. This warranty depends on your following the product’s care instructions and excludes:
How To Make A Warranty Claim
Product purchased directly from INOV8 inov8.com : You can start your warranty claim online . You'll need the email address on the order and your order number (which starts with an N - this will be on your order confirmation email).
Product purchased from an INOV8 brand store : If you are near any of our brand stores, you can take the item and receipt back to them to submit your warranty claim. If that's not an option for you, or you'd prefer to do it online, you can submit your warranty claim here . In addition to photos of the product, you will need your receipt reference number and a photo of the receipt to submit your claim.
Product purchased from one of our retail partners : Our retail partners hold the initial responsibility for any claims on INOV8 products they have sold and should be the first point of contact. Also, we can now investigate any issues directly on our own platform. Please submit your claim here and if we have any questions about the purchase, our team will get in touch with the retailer to discuss it further. To submit your claim you will need photos of the product, your order/receipt reference number, a photo of the receipt and any communication with the retailer.
