Final Sale
Last call for summer
30% off select styles Shop Now
Click offer codes below to apply in checkout . Tap offer codes below to apply in checkout .
There are no promotions running at this time. There are no promotions running at this time.
FREE EXPRESS SHIPPING: Get free express shipping on orders of $125 or more at Merrell.com. No promo code is needed, the discount is automatically applied at checkout. This offer does not apply to previous purchases, in-store purchases, or orders placed on other websites. Valid for U.S. orders only. Limited-time offer; additional restrictions may apply.
Free Express shipping
Learn More
SUMMER'S LAST CALL - 30% OFF SELECT STYLES: Get 30% off select styles at Merrell.com from 8/7/2025 through 8/13/2025 at 11:59PM ET. Prices as marked to reflect the discount, no code necessary. Purchase quantities may be limited. Not valid on Merrell Prodeal orders, purchases of gift cards or e-cards, prior purchases, purchases at retail stores, or purchases on other websites. Cannot be combined with any other offer, promotion, coupon or discount. Not redeemable for cash or credit unless required by law. Valid on merrell.com U.S. orders only. Offer may change or end at any time. Void where prohibited by law. Additional restrictions may apply.
Summer adventure sale
15% OFF YOUR FULL-PRICE ORDER: Get 15% off your full-price order at Merrell.com. To redeem, use code Welcome15 at checkout. Code is one-time use only. Not valid on sale styles, ProDeal purchases, prior purchases, gift cards or e-cards or purchases from retail stores or other websites. Cannot be combined with any other coupon or discount. Additional restrictions may apply.
Sign up for first access to new releases, trail tips and more.
Free Shipping on orders $49+
Select Afterpay at checkout to split your purchase into 4 interest-free payments!
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Shop by size
Men's Sale
Filter By:
(148 Products)
Featured Men
Versatile Barefoot comfort
Trail-tested comfort and durability
Ultra-comfort meets extra grip
Recommended Products
Men's Clothing Sale
When you need discount men's clothing and running shoes, Merrell has an amazing selection of quality products that offer high-performance at a lower cost. Our men's clothing sale includes tops, bottoms, outerwear and accessories, plus discount men's running shoes, boots and more. Find exactly what you need to succeed on your next adventure, but don't spend as much to get it. All of our discount men's clothing features the same quality, durability and athletic designs that you've come to expect from Merrell products – like advanced M-Select™ technologies, premium, breathable materials and exceptional style and fit – without a steep price tag. Now, you can get the rugged reliability of Merrell's outdoor clothing for men while saving money along the way. The clothes that you choose for your active and outdoor adventures can impact your experience and your results, so don't let cost come between you and your comfort. Browse our casual shoes, waterproof sandals and a range of affordable men's boots, or shop our men's running shoes sale to stay safe on the trail – whether it's a paved road, dirt path or urban jungle you're exploring. We pride ourselves on understanding the active man's needs and his budget, so shop our men's clothing sale now to get want you want at a price you can afford. Enjoy maximum protection and performance for a minimum amount with discount men's clothing from Merrell.
Join the trail
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Merrell Privacy Policy
© Merrell Al Rights reserved
United States site
Merrell Help Center
FAQs
Kids’ products are shipped separately from adult items as they require special handling. In some cases, products may arrive at slightly different times. We offer economy shipping on all orders, if you select expedited shipping, you will NOT be charged additional shipping fees on these multiple shipments.
This website is the Merrell website for the US region. We do not offer shipping to international locations outside of the United States or to freight forwarding agencies. All orders placed on the Merrell site that are being shipped to an international location or freight forwarding agency will be canceled. We are however a global brand and have websites set up for other regions and countries. To see if there is a Merrell website for your country, please go to the bottom of this page and click on the United States flag to change your region.
Yes. Merrell offers free economy shipping in the contiguous United States on all orders above $49. For orders below $49, you will be charged a shipping fee of $8. This free shipping threshold does NOT apply to areas outside of the contiguous United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. For more information on shipping fees, please refer to our shipping information page .
There are several reasons why an order may be delayed. Typically, delays result from shipping delays such as inclement weather, or from order-related data discrepancies. For instance, if the billing information you provide does not match what your bank has on file (including address and telephone number), your order may be delayed.
The time it takes to review your order will depend on your location, the item(s) ordered, and the shipping speed you selected. Estimates of shipping times are below: • Economy: Order today and receive your purchase within 9 business days • Standard: Order today and receive your purchase within 6 business days • Express: Order today and receive your purchase within 4 business days Time frames are dependent on the order date and your location.
Yes. Merrell offers free returns within 30 days of the date of shipment.
Please allow up to two weeks for your return to be processed. You will receive an email to confirm a successful return. A credit should appear on the original card used within two billing cycles.
To gain access to a return label you will first have to start your return. To do this, visit our returns page and fill in your order number, last name or email address, and your zip code. After clicking submit you will be taken to a new page with your order details. Select the product you want to return and where the page says, “I would like to”, click the tab to change it to say, “Return this item”. Complete the remaining returns questions and you will be taken to a new page where you can download your return form. After downloading your form, you can print them using a printer at home or at a local printing services establishment. Please include the summary sheet in the return package and adhere the shipping label to the outside package. BOTH documents must be included in the return for it to be processed.
Visit our returns page to start your return and receive your return shipping label. Once you have included the summary sheet in the return package and adhered the return shipping label to the outside of the package, please drop off the package at any FedEx shipping location that is convenient for you. To find the closest FedEx location to you, you may use our look up tool that is a part of our returns process or use the FedEx location finder on the FedEx website .
Returns must be submitted within 30 days of the date your order was shipped. Start your return here.
We are sorry you are experiencing an issue with your product. To help expedite your problem, please ensure your defective product matches the guidelines on our returns page . If so, fill out the defective order form to help expedite the process. A case number will be sent to your email following your submission of this form.
Yes. If you want a different size or color of a product you ordered, we offer free product exchanges! At this time we are not able to support exchanges for different widths. Please visit our Returns and Exchanges page to start your exchange.
Our goal is to expedite your order as quickly as possible; therefore, once your order is placed it cannot be cancelled or changed. You may always return or exchange the item once you receive it. For additional information on returns and exchanges please visit our Returns & Exchanges page .
No. This website is the Merrell website for the US region. We only accept credit cards issued from U.S. banks with U.S. billing and shipping addresses. If your place an order using an international credit card it will be canceled. We are however a global brand and have websites set up for other regions and countries that may accept your payment method. To see if there is a Merrell website for your country, please go to the bottom of this page and click on the United States flag to change your region.
We collect sales tax on orders delivered to certain jurisdictions Order totals listed on screen reflect estimated sales tax. The actual charge to your credit card will reflect the applicable state and local sales taxes and will be calculated at the time of checkout. Your actual tax total will include the correct local sales tax (if applicable). If you have any questions about the tax rate, please contact customer service .
We currently accept the following forms of payment: ◼ American Express ◼ Mastercard ◼ Discover Card ◼ Visa ◼ PayPal (Must be a U.S. account) ◼ Amazon Pay ◼ Apple Pay ◼ Afterpay ◼ Merrell Gift Cards ◼ Pre-Paid Gift Cards: Visa, Mastercard, American Express
If you used a credit or debit card, the charge you see is a pre-authorization hold. This is a temporary electronic authorization. The card will not be charged unless the order ships. If you did not complete the order, the hold will drop off according to your credit card or bank policy. This generally happens within 2 – 10 business days. For more information, contact your credit card company or bank to find out when the hold will be released. If you used Paypal, the charge you see is a pre-transaction notification. The notification will drop off your account within 30 days. Contact PayPal directly to find out exactly when the pending notification will drop off.
We have found that our products tend to fit true to size. For additional information on our sizing, you can review our size chart and customer reviews for specific customer feedback on sizing. Both are available on our Merrrell product detail pages.
We offer several styles in wide width. To view wide width products, we suggest selecting your preffered width in the sizing section of the filter menu that is available on all our product list pages.
Sizing on products without half sizes comes down to the product type and personal preference. For specific feedback on the sizing of your product, refer to the size chart and customer reviews on the product page. If you purchase a product and are not happy with the fit, we offer free size exchanges for our products.
We are very sorry that the item you need is out of stock. When you try to select the size you need, if the item is out of stock, there should be a “notify when available” button. This will allow you to sign in or create an account with us so that we can email you when your size is back in stock.
In general, we recommend the following guidelines for cleaning footwear: Cleaning: On a regular basis, brush away any surface dirt with a soft brush. After extended, rugged use, spot wash with mild soap and warm water. Be sure to rinse off all soap residue to avoid attracting more dirt. Drying: Open footwear fully, remove insole and laces and dry at room temperature. Do not expose footwear to heat, as doing so can compromise any adhesive or materials used in constructing your footwear. To view our shoe care, shoe protection, and cleaning products, please see our Shoe Care listing page .
You can leave a product review on any product on our website. Go to the product page and scroll down to the “Customer Reviews” Section. In the Reviews section there is a button where you can select a star rating for your review and enter any additional comments.
Wolverine Worldwide is a global company and our branded footwear and apparel products are distributed in over 170 countries and territories. These products are also manufactured in many countries around the world, from the United States and Dominican Republic to the United Kingdom, Vietnam, China, and more.
Merrell boots are known for out of the box comfort and should fit true to size. Our reviews on our merrell.com product detail pages will provide you with specific customer feedback on sizing.
Our hiking shoes and boots both contain out of the box comfort and ultimate grip for your hikes. However, hiking boots will provide you with additional ankle support over shoes. You can explore our entire hiking range on merrell.com, and there are many shoe and boot options to get you out on the trail.
You can use snow boots for hiking if they are equipped with adequate waterproofing and traction to keep your feet safe and warm. We recommend checking out our boots and shoes with artic grip on Merrell.com for your most comfortable winter hike.
To opt out of emails, click on the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of all of our emails. To opt out of text messages, reply “STOP” to any text message. Alternatively, you can manage your email preferences on the website by going to our communication preferences page .
Sorry, we cannot accommodate singe shoe orders at this time. Our footwear is not only sold, but also manufactured in pairs. If you require two different size shoes, we recommend contacting the National Odd Shoe Exchange (oddshoe.org) where they can try to match you up with someone to exchange for the correct sizes needed.
Yes – we offer our own line of insoles. You can view the insole options by viewing the insole page here .
Yes – we offer replacement laces. You can view the lacing options by viewing the laces listing page here .
Contact us
Weekdays: 8am to 9pm (EST) Weekends: 9am to 6pm (EST)
(800) 288-3124 Monday-Friday 8am-9pm ET Saturday-Sunday 9am-6pm ET
Shoe Care
(21 Products)
Featured Shoe Care
Kids' Hiking Shoes and Boots
(42 Products)
Featured Hiking
Kids Hiking Boots
When your mini-mountaineer hits the trails alongside you, let them experience the same comfort, durability and support that you love with a pair of kids' hiking boots from Merrell. Our girls' and boys' hiking boots are specially designed to fit developing feet so your kids can be ready for any terrain – from slippery rocks and muddy surfaces to dense backwoods off the beaten path. Even when they're small, explorers-in-training need big kid's hiking boots, capable of handling the same rough terrain as the shoes their parents wear, which is why we offer hiking shoes and boots for kids from Little Kids’ size 10 through Big Kids’ size 7. Whether your little rascal loves climbing, running, hiking or horsing around, their feet will stay safe and snug in a pair of our kids' hiking boots or sneakers that offer a unique combination of quality, endurance and value. Browse bold and traditional designs from our full selection of waterproof boys' and girls' hiking boots to find the perfect fit for wet or muddy adventures. The best part? Double the value of their new boots during winter storms, because there's no excuse not to shovel the walkway when your feet are snug and warm in a pair of high-traction kids' hiking boots from Merrell.
Discover The Merrell Hiking Club
Get 10% Off Your First Order
Free Shipping on orders over €75
Free Returns On All Orders
Conquer every terrain in the all-new ProMorph
trending now
hiking & walking
trail running
moab speed 2
sandals
barefoot
Stylish enough for the city, rugged enough for the trail.
moab speed 2 collection
Lifestyle
Equipped to tackle the mountain peaks and city streets.
Lifestyle collection
MTL Adapt
Engineered for excellence in every step
trail running collection
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Sale apply. Merrell Privacy Policy
© Merrell All rights reserved
Italia site
Kids' Easy On, Easy Off Slip On Shoes
Featured Easy On, Easy Off
Plunge into fun with the Bare Steps™ collection.
Navigate every toddler adventure and major moment with the Bare Steps™ collection.
“ The Agility Peak 5 is a great-looking shoe that’s as strong as anything else out on the market. This shoe is a hard-wearing trail runner.”
Agility Peak 5 Collection
(30 Products)
Featured Agility Peak 5 Collection
Promotions & Specials
Our latest offers available at Merrell.com
Merrell Coupons, Promo Codes, and Discounts
Make sure you’re getting the best deals on your Merrell gear before you hit the check out. Keep track of all our recent Merrell promo codes, coupons, and discounts we have throughout the year. We’ll keep you up to date on the latest deals so you won’t have to worry about missing out. Don’t forget to join our email list for even more exclusive promotions and events, as well as a first look at new arrivals. Stay on top of all Merrell coupons and promos so you’re always getting the best price!
アカウントにログイン
メールとパスワードを入力してください：
初めての方はこちらから会員登録（無料）ができます アカウントを作成する
パスワードをお忘れの方は こちら
パスワードの再設定する
メールを入力
パスワードを覚えていますか？ ログインに戻る
アカウントを作成
以下の情報を入力してください:
すでにアカウントをお持ちですか？ こちらでログイン
SCENE & STYLE
PICK UP COLLECTIONS
RECOMMENDED
BRAND STORE
MERRELL渋谷スクランブルスクエア店 MERRELL BRAND CENTER SHIBUYA
MERRELL阪急西宮ガーデンズ店
MERRELL HARAJUKU FLAGSHIP
View Shop List
PRODUCT CATEGORY
メルマガに再登録される場合は こちら
Merrell Japan
Merrell Japan Outdoor
MTL Long Sky 2 Matryx
Zamień asfalt na szlak - tam
nie ma nudy.
_
najnowsze modele
przeglądaj wyprzedaż
499.00 zł *
299.00 zł
399.00 zł *
229.00 zł
699.00 zł *
429.00 zł
649.00 zł *
399.00 zł
BIEGI TERENOWE
Wejdź w lato
Wygodne sandały gotowe na każdą okazję.
BOOTS
Zamień asfalt na szlak - tam nie ma nudy.
wybierz swój styl
Hiking
Biegi terenowe
Barefoot
Sandały
Wodoodporne
Nowości
Trail
nowe produkty
849.00 zł
449.00 zł
2 dostępne kolory
3 dostępne kolory
699.00 zł
4 dostępne kolory
799.00 zł
599.00 zł
blog
KWIECIEŃ 2025
Jak przygotować się do sezonu biegowego?
Rozpoczęcie sezonu biegowego to nie tylko powrót do formy po zimie, ale też okazja do nowych wyzwań — szczególnie w wymagających, lecz satysfakcjonują... Czytaj więcej
Jakie buty wybrać na wycieczkę do lasu?
Leśna wycieczka to świetny sposób na relaks i ruch, ale kluczem do wygody i bezpieczeństwa jest dobrze dobrane obuwie – niezależnie od długości trasy.... Czytaj więcej
CZERWIEC 2025
Barefoot - zalety butów minimalistycznych
Buty barefoot to minimalistyczne obuwie, które naśladuje naturalny sposób chodzenia boso, rezygnując z technologicznych udoskonaleń klasycznych butów....
Zwiększ swoją wydolność: Trening interwałowy w terenie
Gdy efekty treningów słabną, a motywacja spada, warto spróbować czegoś nowego. Trening interwałowy w terenie to skuteczny i naturalny sposób na popraw... Czytaj więcej
Top 10 najczęstszych błędów w bieganiu w terenie i jak ich unikać
Bieganie w terenie (trail running) to dynamicznie rozwijająca się dyscyplina, która łączy wysiłek fizyczny z kontaktem z naturą i odkrywaniem nowych m... Czytaj więcej
MAJ 2025
Najlepsze trasy biegowe w Polsce – gdzie biegać w terenie?
Trail running w Polsce staje się coraz popularniejszy, oferując nie tylko trening, ale i kontakt z naturą. Dzięki zróżnicowanemu krajobrazowi, Polska ... Czytaj więcej
CHUCKS DE FESTIVAL
PREZENȚĂ IMPRESIONANTĂ PE SCENĂ
Najpopularniejsze modele w niższych cenach?
Wiesz, co z tym zrobić!
Cumpără acum
Dołącz do nas
Obserwuj nas:
Kategorie
Uzyskaj pomoc
O Nas
Contact Us
Defective Returns Process
We are sorry you are experiencing an issue with your product. Please fill out the form below to submit a warranty claim. Not sure if your product will be covered? Find the qualifications for a warranty claim here . Note that all fields must be complete to successfully submit the form. A case number will be sent to your email following your submission.
For returns, please use our online returns form . For inquiries about your return, please use the form below.
Product Information:
See Privacy Policy.
Secondary Navigation
Official Website | Free shipping in South Africa
Customer Service
Performance Footwear
Active Lifestyle Footwear
Clothing & Accessories
Performance Apparel
Activewear
Headwear
PROMORPH
Featured Products
PROMORPH R3,199.00
Run Wild & Land Strong With Merrell
Before the rush, there is quiet. The city is still, the air is crisp, and even the birds have not started their melodious singing.
New Arrivals
NOVA 4 TRAVELLER R2,499.00
SPEED ARC MATIS R3,599.00
Upcoming Events
View all upcoming event. Sign up to join the adventure and experience the great outdoors.
© 2025 Wolverine World Wide. All Rights Reserved. Merrell, their respective logos, “ Merrell Orange" as well as corporate and product identity used herein, are trademarks of Merrell and may not be used without permission. Medicus Shoes PTY LTD, an authorized distributor of Merrell Footwear of Wolverine World Wide, a global licensee of Merrell Inc. © Merrell. Website design by Perfect Circle.
Welcome to Merrell!
Thank you for signing up! Welcome to our newsletter community. Stay tuned for exclusive updates and offers. We appreciate your support!
Men's Wide Shoes & Boots
Featured Wide Widths
Men's Wide Width Shoes
Give yourself – and your feet – the space to move freely with adventure-ready wide width shoes for men from Merrell. Your broader feet can feel cramped and uncomfortable in standard footwear, so Merrell designed a line of wide shoes for men to give you the smart-tech features and stable, stylish comfort you deserve. Our wide shoes feature all the qualities that Merrell customers expect, like superior trail-ready traction , waterproof uppers, breathable mesh, ventilation, supportive footbeds, cushioning, insulation and more, but our wide men's shoes are specially designed to comfortably accommodate men with a wider shoe width for an incredible fit. Shop our selection of wide width boots, running shoes, slip-ons, wide hiking boots and more. Whether you're hitting the trails or circling the track, your wide-width feet will be extra secure and supported by our wide shoes. Don't let too-small, standard-width shoes stop you from reaching your peak. Your feet can take you wherever you want to go. Shop our collection of wide boots and shoes for men and find the perfect fit from Merrell online.
(150 Products)
Featured Sale Shoes, Clothing, & Accessories
Sale Shoes, Clothing, & Accessories
(385 Products)
Featured Sale
Sale Hiking Boots, Trail Running Shoes and More
Saving money is a common desire when it comes to shopping, but you don't want to compromise quality just to save a few dollars. When shopping for trail running shoes, hiking boots and outdoor clothing from Merrell, you don't have to give up quality in order to get a discount. The comfort, style and durability remain the same, but at a more affordable price. Instead of shopping at a discount store that may compromise on the quality of their products, shop at Merrell and be assured that the clothes and shoes will be a great fit for your lifestyle. Taking care of your body is important, and an active lifestyle can lead to better health and wellness. That means avoiding compromises, which includes the clothes that you choose to wear when you walk, run, and hike. Sandals, pullovers, tees, boots, scarves, hats and shoes are just a few examples of discount items that you will find on a regular basis from Merrell. The latest designs and technology are still available even at reduced or clearance prices, so make sure that you check back often for the latest sale offers from Merrell. Find special holiday savings like apparel, gear, and hiking boots for Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Get the best deals all year round!
Same is Boring
Trail Running Shoes & Apparel
(51 Products)
Featured Trail Running
Take the guesswork out of grip wherever you run.
Comfort that meets every speed.
Extra cushioned trail runner designed to go the extra mile.
The All-Terrain Road-to-Trail Runner
Minimalist style meets maximum feeling.
Men’s and Women’s Trail Running Shoes
Hit the trails and explore beyond the beaten path as you tone and strengthen your leg muscles. Merrell men's and women’s trail running shoes will help you connect with the earth while you perfect your running form. Choose cushioned running shoes for your longer, more intense runs. Work your way up to minimalist running shoes that provide minimal cushioning so you feel connected to the earth but still conquer the terrain. Or find full connection with the ground in barefoot running shoes . Find trail shoes that fit your needs and your environment.
Toddler's & Kid's New Arrivals
(40 Products)
Featured New Arrivals
Big Kid (10.5 - 7)
(50 Products)
Featured Big Kid (10.5 - 7)
Makes a hike in the mountains feel like a walk in the park. Moab 3.
Moab 3 Hiking Boots & Shoes
(33 Products)
Featured Moab 3 Hiking Boots & Shoes
2025 SELF: Editor's Pick
Browse by collection
Family Matching Shoes
(47 Products)
Featured Mini Me
2025 SELF: Best trail-to-street-shoe
Effortless Slip-On, Ultimate Comfort
Women's Shoes
(222 Products)
Featured Shop All Shoes
Women’s Footwear for Running, Hiking and Everyday Adventures
Browse women’s shoes from Merrell to find the perfect pair for your outdoor excursions. Our women’s footwear includes shoes for casual everyday wear, barefoot running shoes, and waterproof hiking boots – everything you need to stay active outside. Whether you’re looking for something comfortable wear to the farmer’s market or footwear for trail runs , hikes and yoga, ordering women’s shoes online from Merrell lets you get everything you need in one place. Shop our collection of ladies’ shoes to get the footwear you’ll love to wear on any adventure, in any weather.
Women's Sale
(144 Products)
Featured Women
Women's Clothing Sale
Get high-quality performance, function and fit at a lower price when you buy discount women's clothing from Merrell. Whether you want shirts, pants, shorts, jackets, leggings, active dresses or accessories to support your outdoor and athletic adventures, our women's clothing sale has everything you need at prices you can afford. You can also take advantage of our women's running shoes on sale, along with a selection of casual shoes, sandals and slides, discount hiking boots and waterproof shoes. Merrell understands that avid adventurers like you need the support of appropriate outdoor gear to achieve your greatest goals, but that doesn't mean that you should break the bank in the pursuit of perfection. With our discount women's clothing and shoes, you never have to leave your health, style or performance to an average, everyday wardrobe. Improve your results – both physically and financially – and shop our women's clothing sale and discount shoes. Start enjoying incredible excursions without worrying that your apparel will let you down. Our discount women's clothing and shoes come with the same superior quality, style and durable designs that you've come to expect from Merrell products – including advanced M-Select™ technologies, premium, breathable materials and exceptional style and fit – while offering significant savings. Find exactly what you have in mind at a price you can handle with the women's clothing sale and discount shoes at Merrell.
Men's Shoes
(260 Products)
Men's Shoes & Sneakers
Enjoy every adventure with the style, comfort, and targeted design of Merrell's men's shoes. Whatever your routine requires –running, hiking, biking, or just a walk to work – Merrell meets the challenge with a well-crafted, versatile collection of shoes for men. Shop our collection of men’s hiking boots and shoes that offer stability with each step, saving your feet and ankles during long and winding journeys. Take on the toughest trails with Merrell's barefoot running shoes and forge a greater connection with nature. Our lightweight, breathable designs are made to keep your feet cool on hot days, while insulated models maintain warmth so you'll stay comfortable no matter the temperature. Or check out our men's casual shoes assortment if you simply need something comfortable to kick around in. Merrell even offers men's shoes made with vegan-friendly materials to help preserve the natural world you love. Whatever your footwear needs may be, you'll find the ideal combination of function, style, and smart design when you shop Merrell's versatile collection of men's shoes online.
Free Shipping on orders over €100
Ireland site
Hiking Boots, Shoes & Apparel
(145 Products)
2025 Men's Health: Best Urban Hiker
Women's and Men's Hiking Shoes and Boots
If you are going to do any sort of hiking, walking, or running, you have to take care of your feet. Certainly there are a number of crucial clothing items to consider whether you are taking a casual trail hike or tackling more rigorous terrain. However, it starts and ends with your feet. Your feet are going to get you to your destination, and perhaps more importantly, back to your original starting point. To get the best hiking boots and shoes, shop at Merrell for the latest in comfort, durability and versatility. You want hiking equipment that will fit your needs and your particular style. This is why Merrell provides a variety of lightweight hiking boots and shoes, as well as sturdier boots for backpacking , trekking, and other rugged outdoor activities. In addition to the right shoes or boots, don't forget to pick up the right hiking clothes from Merrell. You want the clothes you wear out on the trail to be lightweight, quick drying, and versatile enough that you can adjust to changing environments. When it comes to hiking in a wide variety of settings, Merrell has the right gear to help you conquer your outdoor challenges and enjoy the experience along the way.
Women's ProMorph
Images
Alternate Views
Details
Variations
Size Guide
Our Fit Guarantee If it doesn't fit, return it within 30 days, as long as it's unworn, unwashed and unaltered.
Product Actions
Free shipping on orders over $49
See more details .
We are happy to offer free returns and exchanges. See more details regarding our return and exchange policy.
Promotions
ProMorph
Run the roads. Run the trails. Run anywhere in-between. The all-terrain ProMorph running shoes combine our premium FloatPro+™ midsole foam for enduring cushion with a specialized Vibram® outsole to deliver adaptable traction. That special combination of comfort and grip means you’re free to run whatever route the day calls for in the ProMorph running shoes.
Made for trails with rare obstacles with light to no debris. Little directional change with hard surface terrain changes likely.
Made for trails with some obstacles and moderate debris. Occasional speed, direction, and vertical changes.
Lots of obstacles with heavy debris. Frequent speed, direction, and vertical changes.
Returns & Exchanges
We will gladly accept your free return or exchange of UNWORN merchandise within 30 days of the date of shipment.
Exchanges and returns are free! Exchange orders will be canceled after 21 days (from submission) if not received. Original shipping charges incurred on your order are not refundable.
Exchanges
Returns
Please allow two weeks for your return to be processed. You will receive an email to confirm a successful return. A credit should appear on your credit card, or original method of payment, within two billing cycles.
If returning multiple orders, please return and ship each order separately for faster refunds, rather than combining them into one package. Thank you for understanding.
The online return process will require a printer. Once you complete the return process, a PDF download of the shipping label and return document will be available to print.
Please attach the return label to your package and keep a copy of return documentation for tracking purposes.
Returns and Exchanges are accepted at any of our corporate Merrell stores .
Please bring your order confirmation email and the original form of payment. However, our corporate stores cannot process returns/exchanges if paid with a third party payment method such as AfterPay.
Gift Return or Exchange
If you have a gift that needs to be returned or exchanged, you will need BOTH the order number and the shipping zip code from the original purchase.
Damaged or Defective Product
We are sorry you are experiencing an issue with your product! A defective product is an imperfection from a manufacturing or design defect. If you believe you have received a defective product, please fill out the form below. A case number will be sent to your email following your form submission; a customer service member will be in touch with you shortly.
All Merrell footwear purchased from an Authorized Dealer in the United States of America: Defects in original, unaltered, and unmodified materials and workmanship for one year from the date of purchase.
If you believe you have received a defective product, please fill out the form linked below. A case number will be sent to your email following your form submission; a customer service member will be in touch with you shortly.
Gift With Purchase
Gifts with purchase are free, limited time gifts. These items cannot be returned or exchanged. If this item did not work for you, spread the love and give it to a friend!
Enter your Order ID, Last Name or Email Address, and Zip Code here
Discover Urban Hikes
Suomi site
☼
Vente finale
Codes promotionnels à appliquer à la caisse . Codes promotionnels à appliquer à la caisse .
Aucune promotion n’est proposée actuellement. Aucune promotion n’est proposée actuellement.
tendances
randonnée
course en Sentier
pour tous les jours
speedarc
sensation pieds nus
Faites l’expérience d’un confort à peine présent sur n’importe quel terrain.
new arrivals
Route → sentier. Offerts en largeur large.
MOAB SPEED 2
Performance robuste de randonnée, adaptée au quotidien.
Enfants Automne/Hiver
Commencez l’année scolaire du bon pied avec Merrell.
JavaScript est désactivé dans votre navigateur. Activez-le pour profiter au mieux de ce site.
Rejoignez la randonnée
Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et Google Politique de confidentialité and Conditions d'utilisation apply. Politique de confidentialité de Merrell
© Merrell Tous droits réservés
Wolverine Worldwide Canada est situé sur les terres visées par un traité et le territoire de la Première nation des Mississaugas de Credit et reconnaît cette terre comme étant la maison et le territoire traditionnel d'autres peuples autochtones depuis des temps immémoriaux.
Sign up to be the first to hear about new arrivals, exclusive events, and promotions.
Privacy Policy
Canada site
Bare Steps TM Collection
Designed specifically for little feet to aid in the development of a healthy gait as they learn to walk and run, the full Bare Steps™ collection offers innovative features for children on the move.
Go-to shoes for little kids learning to walk and run. Perfect for preschool, playgrounds, and more.
Engineered to mimic a barefoot feel with natural ground contact as little kids learn to walk and run.
Extra grippy traction with ultra-flex pods makes learning to walk and run easier.
Plenty of room for wiggly toes to support the healthy development of a child’s gait.
Simple closures designed for toddlers to get them on and off in a flash.
Give your little ones freedom to grow with the Bare Steps™ A83 Sneaker— perfect for preschool, playgrounds, and more.
Give your little ones freedom to grow with the Bare Steps™ H2O shoe — perfect for the splash pad, a day at the lake, and even regular playgrounds.
Casual and comfy with all-terrain features, get outside with the Bare Steps™ Sandal.
Bare Steps™ Collection
(11 Products)
Featured Bare Steps™ Collection
WEB ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
Merrell is committed to facilitating the accessibility and usability of its Website, https://www.www.merrell.com/ (the “Website”) to ensure that persons with disabilities have full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and accommodations of Merrell through the Website. To accomplish this, Merrell will be implementing over time the relevant portions of the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Level AA (“WCAG 2.0 AA”) as its web accessibility standard, which will also bring the Website into further conformance with the Section 508 Web Accessibility Standards developed by the United States Access Board. Further, our Website will be tested on a periodic basis with assistive technology such as screen readers and screen magnifiers, and with users with disabilities who use these technologies.
Until such time as our electronic media upgrades are complete, if you have difficulty accessing any our website, apps or intranet to attain information or for any other purpose please contact webaccessibility@wwwinc.com or call 1-800-288-3124 and one of our representatives will be able to assist you.
Find Merrell Shoes & Gear Near Me
Nova & Antora 4
The everyday trail runner made for all-terrain comfort and performance.
Agility Peak 5
Trail Glove
The trail runner that brings running comfort and traction together in an athletic package.
Trail Running
(23 Products)
Comfort and traction in one athletic package.
shop style
everyday
Experience barely-there comfort over any terrain.
Road → Trail. Available in wides.
Rugged hike performance evolved for the everyday.
KIDS FALL/WINTER
Step into a new school year in Merrell.
© Merrell All Rights reserved
Wolverine Worldwide Canada is located on the Treaty Lands and Territory of the Mississaugas of the Credit First Nation and recognize this land as being home and traditional territory to other Indigenous people since time immemorial.
Shipping Information
Merrell.com offers three shipping options: Economy Delivery, Standard Delivery, and Express.
All orders within the Continental U.S. are shipped via FedEx. Shipping details and tracking information will be delivered by email once you place your order.
Orders can be shipped anywhere in the 50 United States. We do not offer shipping to international locations outside of the United States or to freight forwarding agencies.
Order Processing
Orders are packed only on regular business days (Monday through Friday), with the exception of the following holidays:
Memorial Day Thanksgiving Christmas Day
Independence Day Day after Thanksgiving New Year's Eve
Labor Day Christmas Eve New Year's Day
Please note that orders placed between 10 a.m. Friday and 7 a.m. Monday EST will not be processed until Monday morning.
Shipping Restrictions
Merrell.com ships to military post offices, using USPS only. Expedited shipping is not available for military post office addresses. We do not offer shipping to international locations outside of the United States or to freight forwarding agencies.
*Please Note: Estimated delivery times include order processing and packing time required (typically 24 hours) plus shipment time required. These are only estimates.
Delivery Service
Orders must be placed by 10 a.m. EST Mon-Friday to be processed for express delivery (does not cover weekend delivery).
Merrell.com ships to military post offices, using USPS only. Expedited shipping is not available for military post office addresses.
Free Economy Shipping on $49+ Orders: Valid for standard ground shipping to the 48 contiguous United States with any purchase of at least $49 at merrell.com. No code required. Must select the Economy Shipping option at checkout. Additional charges apply for orders shipped to Alaska and Hawaii. Not valid on Merrell Prodeal, prior purchases, purchases at retail stores, or express shipping. Minimum purchase amount excludes taxes and shipping charges. Some restrictions may apply.
Important: Certain locations in Alaska and Hawaii may require additional time in transit depending upon your delivery schedule.
Shipping Charges
Shipping Charges - Alaska and Hawaii
Entdecke den Merrell Hiking Club
Sichere dir 10 % Rabatt auf deine erste Bestellung
Rabatt für Studenten
Kostenfreie Retouren bei allen Bestellungen
Tippen Sie Angebotscodes unten in der kasse zu übernehmen. Tippen Sie Angebotscodes unten in der kasse zu übernehmen.
Es laufen im Moment keine Angebotsaktionen. Es laufen im Moment keine Angebotsaktionen.
Erobere mit dem neuen ProMorphjedes Gelände
unsere empfehlungen
wandern
trailrunning
sandalen
Stilvoll genug für die Stadt, robust genug für den Trail.
moab speed 2 kollektion
Eignen sich sowohl für die Berge als auch die Stadt.
Die Lifestyle Kollektion
Höchstleistung mit jedem Schritt
Die Trailrunning Kollektion
Die JavaScript–Funktion Ihres Browsers ist nicht aktiviert. Bitte aktivieren Sie sie, damit Sie die Möglichkeiten dieser Website voll ausnutzen können.
Immer eine Nasenspitze voraus
Diese Website ist durch reCAPTCHA geschützt und es gelten die Google-Datenschutzbestimmungen und AGB . Datenschutzerklärung
© Merrell. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
Deutschland site
Men's Barefoot Shoes
(31 Products)
Featured Barefoot
We're sorry, no products were found for your search: null
Let's try again using these tips and tricks:
Spelling — double check it, triple check it, or switch things up.
Limit yourself — not in life. But for this, stick to one or two words.
Less is more — less specific and more general terms will help locate similar products.
Still no luck? Let's get outside then try again!
shop category
Refine Search
Men's Sale Clothing
(2 Products)
Featured Clothing
Comprar por estilo
Trekking
Trail Run
Slip On
Vestuario
Ontdek De Hiking Club
Krijg 10% korting op je eerste bestelling
Gratis verzending voor bestellingen van boven de 75 €
Gratis retourzending voor alle bestellingen
Tap aanbod codes hieronder om toe te passen in de kassa . Tap aanbod codes hieronder om toe te passen in de kassa .
Op dit moment zijn er geen lopende acties. Op dit moment zijn er geen lopende acties.
Overwin elk terrein met de splinternieuwe ProMorph
trending
hiken en wandelen
Stijlvol genoeg voor de stad, robuust genoeg voor de trails.
moab speed 2 collectie
Uitgerust om zowel bergpieken als de stad te trotseren.
Lifestyle-collectie
Speciaal ontwikkeld voor uitstekende prestaties bij elke stap
Trailrunning-collectie
De Javascript-functionaliteit van je browser is uitgeschakeld. Schakel deze in, zodat je de volledige capaciteiten van deze site kunt gebruiken.
Blijf in contact met ons
Deze site wordt beschermd door reCAPTCHA en het privacybeleid en de Verkoopvoorwaarden zijn van toepassing Gebruiksvoorwaarden
© Merrell - Alle rechten voorbehouden.
Nederland site
Women's Boots
(37 Products)
Featured Boots
Outdoor Boots for Women
Discover the unparalleled comfort, style, and versatility of ladies boots designed by Merrell. Our selection of women's outdoor boots provides cushioning, stability, and support for any adventure, whether it's travelling, backpacking, hiking or hitting the town. Merrell's outdoor boots provide air cushioning and shock absorption for exploration unhindered by sore feet, while our waterproof boots for women will make you unstoppable, no matter the weather. Hit the trails in our women's hiking boots , crafted with superior traction to keep you sure-footed on slippery or rugged terrain. When conditions turn cold, opt for insulated boots that feature plush, warm linings. For daily excursions to the office and beyond, browse our black or brown boots for women, stylish booties, and chukkas crafted from soft leather. Showcase your style with fashion-forward details like buckles and heels, without sacrificing Merrell's comfort-enhancing features and super-durable construction. Shop Merrell online for the perfect pair of boots - whether they're regular or wide width boots - to take you wherever you need to go in unparalleled comfort and style.
Belgium site
Denne hjemmeside passer ikke så godt sammen med din browser. Vi anbefaler at skifte til Edge, Chrome, Safari, eller Firefox.
Populære søgninger
Udforsk Merrell
Nyheder
Merrell x YMC
To verdener mødes i dette eksklusive samarbejde mellem Merrell og YMC. Med inspiration fra 90erne nyfortolker YMC den ikoniske Moab 2 Slide, hvor stil og funktionalitet forenes. De luksuriøse materialer og avancerede teknologier gør dem perfekte til overgangen mellem naturens grønne åndehuller og storbyens pulserende liv.
AW25 er landet!
Nyhedsbrev
Tilmeld dig nu og få adgang til unikke rabatter, spændende nyheder og eksklusive tilbud!
Har du brug for hjælp?
Vi er klar til at hjælpe dig Mandag til fredag: 10.00-12.00 & 12.30-15.00 CET
shop@merrell.dk +45 71 99 18 94
Kundeservice
Merrell Danmark
Bonvita Footwear Company ApS Vermundsgade 38C 2100 København Ø Denmark CVR: DK 34688567
Découvrez le Merrell Hiking Club
Livraison gratuite pour toute commande de plus de 75€
Réduction Étudiant
Retours gratuits sur toutes les commandes
Partez à la conquête de tous les terrains avec la toute nouvelle ProMorph
trail
sandales
Suffisamment tendance pour la ville, suffisamment robuste pour le trail.
collection moab speed 2
Conçus pour affronter les sommets et les rues des villes.
collection Lifestyle
L'excellence à chaque pas
collection trail
JavaScript est désactivé dans votre navigateur. Activez–le pour profiter au mieux de ce site.
Inscrivez-vous à la newsletter
Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions de vente s'appliquent. Merrell Politique de confidentialité
© Merrell, tous droits réservés.
France site
Men's Trail Running Shoes
(25 Products)
Privacy & Terms
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Contents
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us .
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information .
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device .
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Timeline if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information .
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf .
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs .
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos. We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Go to My Ad Center Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns . We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may use the information we collect across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos. We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Go to My Ad Center Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns . We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may use the information we collect across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center .
Go to My Ad Center
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns . We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public .
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may use the information we collect across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide .
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes:
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting .
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information .
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
U.S. state law requirements
Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures.
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information:
U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Additionally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users.
The Washington My Health My Data Act and Nevada Senate Bill 370 provide specific rights in addition to those rights above, that apply to health information. When you provide this information, Google only processes it with your consent and allows you to withdraw your consent.
We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center .
When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email.
We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests.
Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy.
Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.
Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity.
Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services.
Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies.
Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity .
Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information .
Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information .
Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages .
Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health , in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app, Fitbit, or Pixel devices. .
Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work.
Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories .
Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised.
Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes.
Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us.
Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support.
Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center .
Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .
Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, videos or comments on YouTube, or health information through Fitbit’s social features and third party applications.
Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services. You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. See more details about when Google shares your information .
Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services.
Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information .
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice .
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Key terms
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU .
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps .
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about how we use location information.
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies .
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at My Activity .
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can learn more about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads .
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about Google Play Services .
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization .
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including child sexual abuse and exploitation material ), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report .
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more .
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more
Learn more about the technologies used for advertising.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your Google Account.
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services.
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about how we use location information.
For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.
Examples of these services include:
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more
For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information.
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently .
For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
These laws include:
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Most Asked Questions
Returns will be refunded to the original card used to purchase the items(s).
You will receive an email to confirm a successful return. A credit should appear on your credit card, or original method of payment, within two billing cycles.
Featured Topics
Apparel
Tees & Tanks
Midlayers
Jackets
Bottoms
Socks
Accessories
Outdoor Clothing
Featured View All Clothing & Accessories
Go Barefoot. Experience the signature fit of our renowned Barefoot Collection: seamlessly blending natural movement with modern versatility.
Wrapt Collection
(54 Products)
Featured Wrapt Collection
Quantum Grip™ Rubber Outsole
(138 Products)
Men's Shoe Care
(22 Products)
(45 Products)
Men's Hiking & Everyday Sandals
Featured Sandals
Sandals for Men
Explore the world in comfort when you wear men’s sandals and flip flops from Merrell. Whether you’re kicking back at a campsite, hanging at the beach or heading out for a casual dinner with friends, our men's sandals offer the style and support you need. Browse our selection of suede men's sandals, casual canvas and leather flip flops and sporty men's hiking sandals to find superior arch support and traction outsoles for all your fun adventures under the sun. From casual slides to men's sport sandals, you’re sure to find the perfect fit for your favorite summer activities from our selection of sandals for men featuring stable rubber soles and breathable, ventilated uppers made from quality fabrics and advanced technologies. Active men like you need shoes that offer both support and style, which is why we make our men's sandals with air-cushioned insoles to absorb shock, quick-drying construction to keep you cool and dry and premium materials that will make you look good when you're on the go. Whether you're working your way up a wet, rugged trail, venturing out into new cities and towns or simply strolling through a neighborhood nearby, the durable construction and stylish designs of the men's sandals by Merrell will keep you moving forward in comfort, support and style.
Sneakers
(137 Products)
Featured Sneakers
Women's Clothing
(43 Products)
Featured Shop All Clothing
Women's Activewear
Prepare for whatever Mother Nature throws at you with women's activewear and hiking clothes from Merrell. It can be challenging to find women's outdoor clothing with the right balance of comfort, style and protection when you face competing elements outside. Long hikes in cool weather can still work up a sweat, while trail runs on spring or summer days may still require rain protection. Of course, style also matters when it comes to outdoor women's activewear – even if it comes second to safety on your list of considerations. That's why we make sure you'll still look good while you work up a sweat, by providing an array of protective women's outdoor clothing featuring modern athletic designs and premium materials. Whether you need pants or shorts, shirts or pullovers, vests, jackets or outdoor accessories, Merrell has all the layers of women's activewear you need to stay strong and productive on any path. Depending on your specific needs, our women's hiking clothes feature exclusive M-Select™ and other advanced technologies to keep you dry in wet weather, warm when it's cold outside, cool while you sweat or safe from the effects of the sun and wind. Whether you need to stay dry while paddling down a wild river or warm while reaching your next snowy summit, browse our women's activewear for quality outdoor clothing designed to stand up to the elements. Complete your look and increase your chances for success with the perfect pair of high-performance outdoor shoes for women , featuring the same superior style, fit and features as all our women's outdoor clothing. Don't settle for ordinary women's activewear when Merrell has the stylish options you need to fit your unique outdoor lifestyle today.
Shop Men's
Amortiguación y comodidad en un calzado.
Shop Agility Peak 5
ICONS
Jungle Moc
(29 Products)
Featured Jungle Moc
All Kids' Footwear
Featured Shop All Kids' Shoes
Moab 3
The #1 hiking boot in the world: your all-purpose, all-terrain outdoor companion.
Moab Speed 2
The future of hiking: sneaker-light, hiker-performance.
SpeedARC
More energy return means less effort. Our lightest hiker ever.
Speed Solo
Comfort, performance and waterproofing meet retro trail style.
Men’s Hiking Boots & Shoes
(55 Products)
Men’s Hiking Shoes and Boots
When it comes to hiking, your footwear can be your greatest asset or your most painful liability. You need hiking shoes that are rugged, durable and ready to handle whatever terrain comes your way. That's why Merrell has spent decades perfecting our hiking boots to provide the perfect amount of support, comfort and protection while you're out on the trail.
Whether you need lightweight, versatile men's hiking shoes to remain agile and quick on unpredictable footpaths or more heavy-duty hiking boots to provide increased structure and support, Merrell makes high-performance hiking boots for men to suit a variety of settings. Find the best waterproof men's hiking boots and trekking shoes to match your activity, from trail running to hiking to hybrid adventures.
Women's Moab
Featured Moab
Obtenez 10 % de réduction sur votre première commande
Kids' Sneakers
Women's Wide Shoes & Boots
Women's Wide Width Shoes
If you want longer, more comfortable days on your feet to explore new terrain, keep yourself grounded with Merrell's wide shoes for women. Merrell offers wide width shoes for women that combine the technology, comfort, and quality construction of our most popular styles with more room, so wider feet get the space they need to stretch out and go the distance. Merrell's collection of wide women's shoes includes options for hiking, running, camping, trail exploration, and even casual active wear , from wide width boots to wide width sandals, sneakers, slip-ons, and more. Find the perfect pair of wide shoes for any occasion. Like all of our shoes, Merrell's women's wide shoes include the tech features you need to excel outdoors like superior traction, ventilation, breathability, waterproof uppers , and even vegan-friendly construction . Whether you're planning to traverse tough terrain, travel the world, or just want a more comfortable option to navigate everyday adventures with a little more space, Merrell's selection of women's wide width shoes have got your back – and your feet – covered.
Women's Best Sellers
(46 Products)
Featured Best Sellers
Women’s Best-Selling Footwear and Clothes
Find fan favorites in the women’s best-selling footwear and clothes collection from Merrell. From this season’s hottest trends to classic favorites, our best-selling products are populated based on the purchases of outsiders just like you. Merrell’s best-selling shoes for women include cute, casual styles great for relaxing after a day on the trail or heading to the farmer’s market, versatile hiking boots and shoes to take you from streambed to summit, and sleek running shoes designed to give you more power over road or trail. Looking for stylish outdoor apparel that keeps the elements at bay? Our women’s best-selling clothes include outerwear , mid-layers, and casual, everyday styles to keep you comfortable and protected whenever you venture outside. And, don’t forget to browse our best-selling accessories for that finishing touch.
Kids' Trail Running Shoes
(10 Products)
(66 Products)
Kids' Hiking & Everyday Sandals
(5 Products)
Girls & Boys Sandals
Whether they're traipsing through crisp, cool streams or racing across an open field, keep your little explorer's feet safe in a pair of kids' sandals from Merrell. Our boys' and girls' sandals are designed to provide breathable protection and security for tiny toes and growing soles so you never have to be concerned about uneven, unfamiliar, wet or muddy terrain getting in the way of their enjoyment of the great outdoors. We offer big and little kid sizes so your child can stay active and sure-footed, regardless of age or terrain. Shop our secure toddler sandals to provide a boost of support and traction in styles they'll love showing off, or browse our high-performance girls' and boys' sandals to find the perfect companion for more rough and rugged endeavors. Thanks to our extensive selection of kids' and toddler sandals, you can find quick-drying, waterproof designs in breathable, durable styles that both look and feel good. Buy a pair of our kids' sandals to take advantage of the exclusive technologies that enhance all Merrell shoes, from quick-drying construction and protective toe caps to our M-Select™ GRIP traction outsoles. Find the perfect level of protection for your kid's developing feet when you shop the girls' and boys' sandals, kids' boots and new releases from Merrell.
shop by category
3 days. 400 miles. 1 shoe.
Featuring ProMorph
recommended for you
Shop by Style:
Women’s Shoes, Boots & Apparel
(332 Products)
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Чоловіки
Жінки
Блог
Sale
Надлегке взуття
Merrell | Інтернет магазин бренду черевиків та кросівок
Знижки до 50%
Experience life barefoot. New styles and colors just dropped.
Run the roads. Run the trails. Run anywhere in-between.
Blend clean athletic design, everyday style, and functional running comfort.
Ultimate comfort from post-hike to your campsite and everywhere in between.
(128 Products)
Kids' Playground Shoes and Boots
Featured Playground
Nova 4
(32 Products)
Featured Nova 4
Little Kid (4 - 10)
Featured Little Kid (4 - 10)
Featured ProMorph
(143 Products)
Privacy Portal
The information below contains instructions for submitting consumer rights requests as defined by various U.S. state data privacy laws including those in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia.
See our Privacy Policy for more information about how we collect and use personal information.
To opt out of the sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising
Our website contains online trackers, including cookies, that share personal information with third-party advertising partners for the purpose of targeted advertising. These online trackers are placed on your device and collect information regarding website visits and browsing behavior.
For California residents, this type of online tracking is referred to as “the sharing of information for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising” and you have the right to opt out.
For Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia residents, this type of online tracking is referred to as “targeted advertising” and you have the right to opt out.
To opt out of online tracking, follow the steps below to disable advertising cookies:
In addition, if you have previously shared personal contact information with us, such as your name, email address, or phone number, you may also submit the webform to opt out of the sharing of this type of personal information with our advertising partners: Open Webform
For more information related to your state-specific consumer rights regarding targeted advertising and the sharing of personal information, see our Privacy Policy .
To submit other consumer rights including Data Deletion, Data Access, and Correction
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia residents have additional rights which may be requested via the Webform linked below. Please fill out the form with the type(s) of request you wish to make and submit. The team will review and respond to requests via our secure portal. Open Webform
To unsubscribe from Marketing Communications
To unsubscribe from marketing emails, please visit our Email Preferences page , enter your email address, check the Unsubscribe box, and click Submit.
To unsubscribe from SMS/text messaging on your phone, reply to any of our text messages with any of the following replies: STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT.
To unsubscribe from postal mail, please send an email to ConsumerPrivacy@wwwinc.com with your name and mailing address.
For more information, please see our Privacy Policy .
Men's ProMorph
Free Shipping on orders over 950 KR
Din webbläsares Javascript-funktionalitet är avstängd. Aktivera den så att du kan uppleva alla funktioner på sidan.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Försäljningsvillkor apply. Merrell Privacy Policy
© Merrell alla rättigheter reserverade
Sverige site
Toddler's & Kid's Shoes
Featured Kids
Men's Boots
Shop Hiking Socks
Meet your outdoor adventures in epic style with Merrell boots for men. Our outdoor boots come complete with the comfort, design, and excursion-ready features you need to smash through any challenge. Enjoy durable, rugged, performance-focused construction including waterproof uppers, smartly-placed cushioning, targeted insulation, enhanced traction , flexible fits, and superior support so your feet will feel comfortable and ready for action in any weather. A variety of styles are made for ultimate exploration and personal expression, from colorful-laced hiking shoes to timeless brown or black boots for men that you won't be afraid to get a little dirty. We offer both ankle- and mid-height waterproof boots to suit all of the activities you love, from backpacking, biking, hiking, and travelling to kicking back in comfort. Browse Merrell boots in casual styles designed to bring your athletic aesthetic to everyday journeys. Whatever the adventure, keep it comfortable with the style and superior design of men's outdoor boots from Merrell.
Kids' Shoes On Sale
Featured Kids' Sale
Women's Sale Clothing
(6 Products)
Summer’s Last Call! 30% off Must-Have Styles! Price as marked.
(89 Products)
Featured Summer's Last Call
Your Cart
( 0 Items)
Shopping Cart
Need Help? Call (800) 288-3124 | Mon-Fri: 8am-9pm ET, Sat-Sun: 9am-6pm ET
Please enter your Employee Details
Wolverine Employee Discount Policy Overview. Wolverine Worldwide provides a discount privilege to employees and retirees which enables Wolverine employees and retirees to purchase Wolverine branded products at substantial savings. Purpose. The purpose of the Employee Discount Policy is to establish standards for the use of the employee discount. Scope. The Employee Discount Policy (the “Policy”) applies to Wolverine employees and retirees, as well as their immediate family members. Immediate Family Members are defined as spouses or domestic partners or any children or other dependents of the employee or retiree. Policy. Wolverine employees and retirees are eligible to receive a 50% discount off full-price merchandise, and a 30% discount off clearance/markdown/sale merchandise. This privilege cannot be combined with other offers, such as Buy One Get One (BOGO) or coupons. Wolverine employees and retirees may use the discount privilege to make gift purchases. The employee discount is valid only at Wolverine-owned (non-franchise) stores and may be used for online purchases by entering WWWEMPLOYEE as the promotional code, and then entering the employee ID number. The employee discount code may not be shared with other individuals, including non- immediate family members, friends, or Wolverine vendors or customers. The employee privilege may not be used to purchase Wolverine products for resale at the discounted price or at a profit. Under no circumstance should an employee or retiree feel in any way pressured to purchase Wolverine merchandise. If an employee does feel pressured or required to purchase Wolverine merchandise, the employee must report the situation by phone or email to Human Resources and include the following information, (i) employee name and work location, (ii) the date(s) employee believes the employee was pressured or required to purchase; and (iii) any details surrounding the manner and method (i.e. – by whom, how, and the names of any witnesses). Employee will not be subject to retaliation for filing a report. Disciplinary Actions for Violation of Policy. Violation of this Policy may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment for active employees or suspension of the employee discount benefit for retirees.
Overview. Wolverine Worldwide provides a discount privilege to employees and retirees which enables Wolverine employees and retirees to purchase Wolverine branded products at substantial savings.
Purpose. The purpose of the Employee Discount Policy is to establish standards for the use of the employee discount.
Scope. The Employee Discount Policy (the “Policy”) applies to Wolverine employees and retirees, as well as their immediate family members. Immediate Family Members are defined as spouses or domestic partners or any children or other dependents of the employee or retiree.
Policy. Wolverine employees and retirees are eligible to receive a 50% discount off full-price merchandise, and a 30% discount off clearance/markdown/sale merchandise. This privilege cannot be combined with other offers, such as Buy One Get One (BOGO) or coupons. Wolverine employees and retirees may use the discount privilege to make gift purchases. The employee discount is valid only at Wolverine-owned (non-franchise) stores and may be used for online purchases by entering WWWEMPLOYEE as the promotional code, and then entering the employee ID number. The employee discount code may not be shared with other individuals, including non- immediate family members, friends, or Wolverine vendors or customers. The employee privilege may not be used to purchase Wolverine products for resale at the discounted price or at a profit. Under no circumstance should an employee or retiree feel in any way pressured to purchase Wolverine merchandise. If an employee does feel pressured or required to purchase Wolverine merchandise, the employee must report the situation by phone or email to Human Resources and include the following information, (i) employee name and work location, (ii) the date(s) employee believes the employee was pressured or required to purchase; and (iii) any details surrounding the manner and method (i.e. – by whom, how, and the names of any witnesses). Employee will not be subject to retaliation for filing a report.
Disciplinary Actions for Violation of Policy. Violation of this Policy may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment for active employees or suspension of the employee discount benefit for retirees.
Order Summary
Your Account
Register today to enjoy fast and easy checkout. A merrell.com account allows you to store payment methods and addresses, check the status of orders, view your order history, select shopping preferences and save items in your shopping bag for up to 30 days.
Forgot your Password? No problem. Go to Your Account , there you can view your password hint or have your password emailed to you.
Go to Your Account and sign in to change any of your account information including shipping and billing information, your preferred payment method and your preferences regarding receiving merrell.com emails.
Go to your email preferences to manage your email updates or unsubscribe from merrell.com emails.
Casual Boots & Shoes
Featured Casual
Browse categories
Explore
shop by style
featured products
WATER-FRIENDLY
TRAIL-READY
VERSATILE
PERFORMANCE
featured styles
LEISURE
Hydro Moc
RUGGED HIKE
MODERN HIKE
Shop Now
Good Things Await
Discover the extraordinary side of outside.
NEW ARRIVALS
Meet the Hydro Next Gen
Shop Hydro
Sign up to Merrell Loyalty club to earn points on every purchase you make. Plus, get 10% off when you sign up.
We have seven stores and a large number of stockists nationwide. Find your local store today.
Famous for its out-of-the-box comfort, durability and all-purpose versatility, the Moab family has enabled 25 million people to step further outdoors. Will you be next?
Shop
Helpful Links
Stay up to date with the new collections, products and exclusive offers.
본 결제 창은 결제완료 후 자동으로 닫히며,결제 진행 중에 본 결제 창을 닫으시면 주문이 되지 않으니 결제 완료 될 때 까지 닫지 마시기 바랍니다.
Men's Slip On Shoes
Featured Slip-Ons
Casual Men's Slip-On Shoes and Moccasins
Embrace comfort, support and casual style with the men’s slip-on shoes from Merrell. Our men's slip-ons come in a variety of designs to suit your specific needs, with materials ranging from luxurious suede to breathable mesh in rich colors to match any wardrobe. From full-grain leather moccasins for men to our more casual slip-on-shoes , you can now enjoy the same quality construction, advanced technologies and durable materials that you've come to expect from Merrell's men's hiking boots in your everyday shoes, too. Stay dry and comfortable while traversing through wet climates with a pair of waterproof men's moccasins, or keep your toes toasty through the cold winter months with a pair of warm men's slip-ons featuring polar fleece lining. The best part about our men's slip-on shoes is how they keep you from slipping whenever you're on the move, thanks to advanced M-Select™ GRIP and high-traction Vibram outsoles. Plus, our men's slip-ons can be easily dressed up or down for any occasion, from kicking back to watch the game to going out for dinner after a long day at the office. Browse our full selection of men’s moccasins and casual slip-on shoes today, and find the perfect pair to take you on adventures from day to night and over every trail in between.
Women's New Arrivals
(91 Products)
New Arrival Shoes and Clothing for Women
Browse the women’s new arrivals from Merrell to find your new favorite outfits and shoes. Each season at Merrell we roll out new products and add seasonal twists on classic styles of our women’s shoes, outerwear, dresses and more to get you ready to get outside. Our new arrival shoes for women include hiking shoes , running and casual everyday shoes. So whether you need warm winter boots, stylish summer sandals or lightweight running shoes, check out our new arrivals first. You can also browse our new arrival clothing for women, or find new accessories on our ladies’ new arrivals page. Order a new winter coat, mid-layers or UV-protective summer apparel for your next adventure today!
Women's Casual Shoes
(58 Products)
Featured Everyday
Comfortable Casual Shoes for Women
Complement your wardrobe with women’s casual shoes from Merrell. We have casual shoes for women that you can wear anytime – strolling through your favorite park, riding your bike, running errands around town or meeting friends for dinner. Whether you’re looking for stylish embellishments, a comfortable fit, supportive soles or ventilated materials, you’ll find it in our collection of casual shoes for women. Order our ladies’ casual shoes online now to always have the right pair of shoes for any occasion.
Até 50% de DESCONTO
de 28/06 até 31/08
Moab Speed 2 Vent 2K
Leve, ventilado, resistente.
O conforto e o estilo caminham juntos
Mulher
Homem
Alpine 83 Sneaker Sport
Alpine 83 Sneaker Recraft
Tendência
Caminhada e Marcha
WaterProof & GoreTex
Sustentável
Vibram
Vegan
MAIPO EXPLORER AEROSPORT
Novidade
MAIPO EXPLORER SIEVE
O sapato de Trail Running mais vendido da Merrell foi reinventado para combinar um design atlético limpo com um conforto de corrida funcional.
Speed Strike 2 Trek
O Speed ​​Strike 2 Trek oferece o conforto e a proteção de um calçado de caminhada, ao mesmo tempo em que oferece um estilo mais rápido e atlético do que os tradicionais.
Trail Glove 7
Este Barefoot, feito para trilhas com alguns obstáculos e detritos moderados. Mudanças ocasionais de velocidade, direção e vertical.
This is Home
Junta-te à mudança positiva com a Merrell. Vamos minimizar o impacto na natureza.
Junta-te ao Trilho!
________
Recebe 10% de desconto na tua próxima compra em merrell.pt.
Najnovije u kolekciji
Najnovija kolekcija s novim pjenama u međupotplatu – Float Pro nudi još više udobnosti i amortizacije. U brizi o okolišu, materijali koji su u novim modelima izrađuju se od sve više recikliranih materijala.
Kolekcije
Modeli su zbogQ-form tehnologije, anatomski izrađeni posebno za žene.
Pogledajte tehnološki i anatomski sofisticirane modele za kretanje u gradu ili prirodi
Dječji modeli su tehnološki i anatomski savršeni i namijenjeni raznim aktivnostima na otvorenom
Merrell priče na jednom mjestu
© 2021 Merrell.hr Vse pravice pridržane | Opći uvjeti nagradne igre | Zaštita osobnih podataka |
Piškotki (ang. cookie)
Upravljanje in brisanje piškotkov
zključitev piškotkov od drugod
Nujni piškotki naj bodo vedno omogočeni, saj lahko tako shranimo vaše nastavitve ostalih piškotov. Če onemogočite ta piškotek, vaših nastavitev ne bomo mogli shraniti. To pomeni, da boste morali vsakič, ko obiščete to spletno mesto, piškotke znova omogočiti ali onemogočiti.
To spletno mesto uporablja Google Analytics za zbiranje anonimnih podatkov, kot sta število obiskovalcev spletnega mesta in podatki o najbolj priljubljenih straneh. Če omogočite ta piškotek, nam pomagate izboljšati spletno mesto.
Uporabniško ime ali e-poštni naslov *
Geslo *
Zapomni si me Prijava
Ali ste pozabili geslo?
Kids' Waterproof Shoes & Boots
Featured Waterproof
Order Status
View the status of an order by entering your order number and billing zip code below. To view a complete order history you must log in .
Get the status of a single order
Login
If you are a registered user, please enter your email and password.
Register Now
Benefits of creating an account
If you are under 18, you must have your parent or guardian's permission to submit your personal information. Click here to read our privacy policy.
Men's Clothing
Men's Outdoor Clothing
When it comes to active men's outdoor clothing, every layer you put on your body is important. As beautiful as nature can be, it can also be harsh, rugged, wet and incredibly unpredictable. That's why our men's activewear and hiking clothing are designed to maintain a delicate balance between providing the right protection, plus comfort and breathability. Enjoying the outdoors should turn sweat into an asset, not an uncomfortable liability. Browse our men's outdoor clothing to find breathable windproof and waterproof styles for inclement weather, or try our hiking clothing with sun-protection and moisture-wicking technology to stay cool and dry on hotter days. Our men's activewear features premium M-Select™ and other innovative technologies so you can endure any environment in sporty style, whether you need weatherproof or quick-dry capabilities, ventilated or insulated materials or protection from the wind or sun. Stay active with advanced protection wherever the path, stream or trail less traveled takes you. From hiking the entire Appalachian Trail to rafting down the Colorado River, our outdoor men's activewear and men's footwear offer the perfect protection for any terrain. Find the men's outdoor clothing you need for your next adventure at Merrell, including lightweight shorts and pants, casual tees and shirts, plus jackets, vests, hoodies and the right outdoor accessories for any season.
MANAGE YOUR EMAIL PREFERENCES
Men's & Women's Barefoot Shoes
(59 Products)
Barefoot and Minimalist Running Shoes
When it comes to running, whether it is on pavement or a trail, you want your trail running shoes to be durable enough to handle your running style and the rigors of the terrain. You don't want a bulky shoe that is going to slow you down and inhibit your ability to be flexible and agile on your run. That is why barefoot shoes from Merrell are an invaluable tool when it comes to minimalist running. Don't let the name fool you, because your feet will still be protected with these durable shoes. The goal with barefoot running shoes is to create a natural, zero-drop experience, so that you can have full foot contact in a lightweight, but sturdy design. Running is about the freedom to engage with the outdoors, which is why the equipment is so crucial. No matter what type of runner you are, taking care of your feet is essential. That is why casual joggers and more serious trail runners really enjoy the minimalist approach to running shoes. As you prepare for the next phase of your running experience, think about going barefoot with Merrell. Don't let the wrong shoes be a deterrent to a great running experience. Check out a couple of our most popular barefoot collections, the Trail Glove and the Vapor Glove.
Women's Water-Friendly Shoes & Sandals
(12 Products)
Featured Water
Men's Water-Friendly Shoes & Sandals
Women's Barefoot Shoes
(28 Products)
Kids' Wide Width Shoes & Boots
(13 Products)
Antora 4
(26 Products)
Featured Antora 4
ANTI-HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND TRANSPARENCY IN SUPPLY CHAIN STATEMENT Wolverine World Wide, Inc. is driven by a vision to Make. Every Day. Better. for our consumers, our communities and for our shareholders. Wolverine, including its UK subsidiaries Sweaty Betty Limited (“Sweaty Betty”) and Wolverine Europe Limited, maintains high standards of business ethics and holds a deep regard for human rights. We recognize the importance of responsibly sourced products and are committed to working with supply chain business partners that are dedicated to safe, humane, and ethical working conditions that comply with international labor standards. We have established guidelines to assist in our efforts to select partners who share our ethical commitments. Wolverine has zero tolerance for forced labor, human trafficking, and slavery or involuntary work of any kind in our subsidiaries or anywhere in our supply chain. Pursuant to the requirements of the Modern Slavery Act of 2015 and the California Transparency in Supply Chain Act of 2010 , Wolverine and Sweaty Betty make the following joint statement, including disclosures of our efforts to ensure that slavery and human trafficking do not occur in our supply chain. In this statement, unless expressly mentioned otherwise, references to “Wolverine”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to the Wolverine World Wide, Inc. group, including Sweaty Betty and Wolverine Europe Limited.
OUR COMPANY With a commitment to service and product excellence, Wolverine is one of the world’s leading marketers and licensors of branded casual, active lifestyle, work, outdoor sport, athletic, children’s and uniform footwear and apparel. The Company’s portfolio includes the highly recognized Merrell®, Saucony®, Wolverine®, Sweaty Betty®, Chaco®, Bates® and HYTEST® brands, and is the global licensor of the Hush Puppies® brand. The Company is also the global footwear licensee of the popular Cat® Footwear and Harley-Davidson® Footwear brands. Wolverine’s products are carried by leading retailers in the U.S. and globally in approximately 170 countries and territories. Sweaty Betty, which was acquired by Wolverine in 2021, is a global activewear and lifestyle brand, operating globally across retail, ecommerce and wholesale channels headquartered in the UK. Sweaty Betty manufactures its products in eight countries, using its own factories and suppliers (“Sweaty Betty Suppliers”).
OUR POLICIES There are a number of different policies or codes of conduct which are relevant to our approach and efforts in tackling modern slavery and human trafficking as summarized below. Wolverine requires that our manufacturers, factories, and suppliers (collectively “Production Partners”) comply with our Production Code of Conduct, an abbreviated version of which can be found at https://www.wolverineworldwide.com/about-us/responsibility/responsible-sourcing/ . The Production Code of Conduct is made available to all Production Partners and encapsulates Wolverine’s commitment to human rights. This commitment includes upholding the human rights of workers by treating them with dignity and respect, and seeking to improve, where practicable, working conditions within our supply chain. The use of child labor, the use of labor from victims of human trafficking, and the use of labor from enslaved persons are all strictly prohibited under our Production Code of Conduct. Wolverine’s Production Partners must also ensure that our Production Code of Conduct is followed by their respective suppliers, contractors, and subcontractors. Sweaty Betty Suppliers are also required to comply with Sweaty Betty’s Supply Chain Code of Conduct (the “SB Supply Chain Code of Conduct”) in addition to the Wolverine Production Code of Conduct. The SB Supply Chain Code of Conduct states Sweaty Betty’s zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery, which requires that employment is freely chosen, living wages (or the international equivalent) are paid, working hours are not excessive, and prohibits child labour and harsh or inhumane treatment. It aims to drive more socially and environmentally responsible production management processes. The SB Supply Chain Code of Conduct also includes risk management guidelines for mitigating and remediating violations. Sweaty Betty Suppliers are also required to comply with Sweaty Betty’s Supply Chain Code of Conduct (the “SB Supply Chain Code of Conduct”) in addition to the Wolverine Production Code of Conduct. The SB Supply Chain Code of Conduct states Sweaty Betty’s zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery, which requires that employment is freely chosen, living wages (or the international equivalent) are paid, working hours are not excessive, and prohibits child labour and harsh or inhumane treatment. It aims to drive more socially and environmentally responsible production management processes. The SB Supply Chain Code of Conduct also includes risk management guidelines for mitigating and remediating violations. Wolverine is committed to providing a work environment in which every employee is treated fairly and with dignity and respect. Wolverine’s employees are guided by the Code of Business Conduct which sets out the behaviors expected of all our employees and reiterates our zero-tolerance approach to retaliation, harassment, bullying, child, forced, or involuntary labor.
DUE DILIGENCE
Wolverine utilizes internal and external audit information as well as international labor resources to assess the risk of potential new Production Partners and Sweaty Betty Suppliers. In particular, all new factory partners and Sweaty Betty Suppliers are risk-assessed prior to onboarding and must be approved by Wolverine Social Compliance Team. Once onboarded, factory partners are subject to ongoing risk assessments as part of Wolverine’s auditing and verification procedures (which are discussed in more detail in the “Auditing and Verification” section below). Additionally, suppliers which operate in, or source directly from conflict affected areas are required to perform human rights due diligence to assess the heightened risks of adverse human rights impacts.
Wolverine’s factory partners receive a copy of our Production Code of Conduct and new factory orientation manual, including our Social Compliance Program requirements and auditing processes. Wolverine’s factory partners are generally subject to annual audits, with our core Production Partners being audited at least annually. To conduct these audits, Wolverine utilizes a combination of internal auditors (based in China and Vietnam) and external auditors (reputable third-party audit firms), both of whom are guided by our standard operating procedure and our social compliance assessment tool. Our assessment tool provides a framework for assessing a factory partner’s overall social compliance performance, including in relation to slavery, trafficking, child and forced labor, working conditions, and grievance mechanisms. Our social compliance audits use the SA8000 standard for human rights, and our internal auditors are certified by Bureau Veritas. For Sweaty Betty Suppliers, we accept recently completed external audit reports that satisfy Sweaty Betty’s minimum audit requirements. Wolverine also reserves the right to conduct unannounced inspections of its factory partners where appropriate. Where an audit or inspection identifies a material issue, the Production Partner or Sweaty Betty Supplier must work with the auditor and/or Wolverine to devise and implement a corrective action plan to remedy the issue within an agreed timeframe. Depending on the severity of the issue or the partner’s unwillingness to address it, Wolverine reserves the right to terminate the relationship. In 2024, the Social Compliance Team completed 132 social compliance internal audits that covered 96% of our 75 direct-sourced footwear factories, which includes some apparel factories. In addition, the Social Compliance Team completed 122 factory audit reviews. The Sweaty Betty Social Compliance team also ensured that all Sweaty Betty Suppliers had up-to-date third-party audits in place.
ACCOUNTABILITY Wolverine maintains internal accountability procedures to ensure compliance with Company standards on slavery and human trafficking. Furthermore, decisions regarding where and what direct suppliers engage in our supply chain do not occur at the local level. Instead, those decisions are made by the Wolverine World Wide, Inc. Sourcing Department, with appropriate input from our global Product Integrity Department, our Social Compliance Team, brands, auditors, and others as appropriate, to avoid actual or apparent conflicts of interests and to ensure appropriate review and audit of direct supplier operations. Wolverine requires compliance with its Production Code of Conduct (and, for Sweaty Betty Suppliers, the Supply Chain Code of Conduct), and we maintain a zero-tolerance policy with respect to human rights violations including slavery and human trafficking, forced labor, child labor, life-threatening health and safety conditions, harassment, and discrimination. Wolverine reserves the right to terminate any factory relationship where any of these zero- tolerance violations are confirmed.
TRAINING Wolverine trains its employees, who are directly responsible for sourcing finished goods, on mitigating the risk of slavery and human trafficking in our supply chain. Audit guidelines are provided to our internal and external auditors when visiting Production Partner facilities. Audit results are reviewed by the Social Compliance Team and any material findings of non- compliance are reviewed by the Company’s Legal Department. Wolverine also provides training to our factory partners to ensure understanding of our requirements and an opportunity to share best practices. An annual Social Compliance Summit is held with all factory partners, and targeted training in local language assists in continuous improvement of specific areas of the Production Code of Conduct.
REPORTING VIOLATIONS Wolverine maintains the Wolverine Reportline so that employees, as well as employees of our contracted factories and suppliers, may always ask any question or raise any concern confidentially, and anonymously if desired. The Reportline number operates 24 hours a day and is available anywhere in the world in multiple languages via local toll-free numbers or online at http://WolverineReportLine.com . The Company strictly prohibits any form of retaliatory action being taken against employees who report known or suspected violations. This statement covers January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, and was approved by the Board of Directors of Wolverine World Wide, Inc. on April 30, 2025.
Christopher Hufnagel President and Chief Executive Officer
David Latchana Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Men's New Arrivals
(127 Products)
Men’s New Arrival Footwear and Clothing
Get the gear you need for this season’s adventures with men’s new arrivals from Merrell. When you need new trail running shoes for fall, winter boots to keep out the chill, or hiking shoes for summer treks, check the new arrival shoes for men to find the latest technologies and styles. You’ll find new takes on old favorites as well as innovative designs to help you perform better. Of course, the weather outside can be unpredictable, but that shouldn’t keep you from exploring a new route or trail. With M-Select technologies in the new arrival clothing for men you’ll be able to brave wind, rain, snow – and whatever else Mother Nature has in mind. Browse our selection of men’s new arrivals to get what you need to perform outside.
Men's Hydro Moc
From the most trusted brand on the trail comes a slip-on so weird, it's wonderful. Bold in color yet all about the comfort, when you slip into the new Hydro Moc, you'll see why it doesn't just live up to the hype—it exceeds it.
Water-friendly
EVA foam upper for water-friendly durability
Comfort
BLOOM® performance foam
Men's Best Sellers
Men's Best-Selling Footwear and Clothes
Find your favorites with men’s best-selling footwear and clothes from Merrell. Whether you’re looking for new lightweight running shoes , waterproof hiking shoes to transition from flat to hilly terrain, or hiking boots with Vibram traction and the support you need for tough summits, our best-selling shoes for men will get you outside and geared up for any adventure. And when you’re braving tough terrain and mischievous weather conditions, you need the apparel to match the shoes. Our men’s best-selling clothes are made with M-Select technologies to block wind, water and weather while keeping you comfortable no matter the temperature. So, browse men’s best-selling footwear, clothes and accessories from Merrell to find gear you’ll love, and get outside.
Najnovejše v kolekciji
Najnovejša kolekcija z novimi penami v vmesnem podplatu Float Pro nudi še več udobja in blaženja. V skrbi za okolje so materiali, ki sestavljajo nove modele narejeni iz vedno več recikliranih materialov.
Modeli so s pomočjo Q-form tehnologije anatomsko izdelani in oblikovani posebej za ženske
Oglejte si tehnološko in anatomsko dovršene modele za gibanje v mestu ali v naravi.
Otroški modeli so tehnološko in anatomsko dovršeni ter namenjeni najrazličnejših aktivnosti na prostem.
Merrell zgodbe na enem mestu
© 2021 Merrell.si | Varstvo osebnih podatkov | Splošni pogoji nagradne igre
Sitemap
New!
Men
Women
Kids
Women’s Hiking Boots & Shoes
(56 Products)
Women’s Hiking Shoes and Boots
When you want a thrilling adventure and the street just won't cut it, you need a pair of hiking shoes that can go the distance. From steep, dew-soaked hills to dry, mountain passes to rocky, river ravines, performance hiking boots for women by Merrell ensure that you always stay tough on your feet. If you love a physical challenge, you know that having comfortable feet is critical to success. Without the right hiking shoes to suit your specific terrain and skill-level, your stride can quickly betray you.
Don't trust one of your greatest physical assets to a pair of off-the-shelf active shoes that may look acceptable, but ultimately won't perform. You want top-of-the-line: the best hiking boots for women to protect you from the elements and provide the perfect amount of support with each step. Whether you need lightweight hiking shoes that shield your feet while preserving your agility or a more rugged style that offers both stability and support, we have the best women's hiking shoes for you in durable, comfortable and eye-catching designs.
We offer an array of waterproof shoes for women so you can keep moving through rain, rivers, snow and storms, plus M-Select™ and other advanced technologies to make it easier on your feet in hot, cold and hybrid environments. When it comes to hiking, Merrell knows what works. Shop our entire collection of women's hiking boots and shoes today to be ready for tomorrow's excursions.
Men's Casual Shoes
(108 Products)
Men's Casual Shoes & Sneakers
Add extraordinary style to your everyday excursions when you wear Merrell's casual shoes for men. Our wide selection of casual shoes enhance any activity you face every day – from working hours to after hours. Whether you're trekking the urban jungle, running between meetings, or spending the day at your favorite park, Merrell offers men's casual shoes in expertly-constructed lace-up and slip-on styles including sneakers , chukka boots, mocs, slide sandals, thong sandals, strap sandals, and more. Our shoes for men come equipped with the comfort and smart functionality of all Merrell shoes, with features like sole support, superior traction, waterproofing , insulation, breathability, ventilation, and even vegan designs available to see you through sun, snow, and everything in between. Pair your men's casual shoes with jeans for all-day urban and outdoor adventures, or match sharp slacks and a blazer with our men's casual leather shoes for a dressed-up impression that maintains classic Merrell comfort. Whether you're walking, traveling, working or relaxing, Merrell has the casual shoes for men that stand up to the occasion.
Women's Slip On Shoes & Slides
Slip On Shoes for Women
Slide into perfect style and all-day comfort when you shop Merrell's collection of slip-on shoes for women. The perfect partner for everything from running errands to sight-seeing and after-sport support, our comfortable shoes for women come in array of appealing shapes from flats to cushiony mocs, secure sandals , mules and clogs , and slip-on athletic shoes. Our full selection of slip-on shoes ranges from dressy sandals with highly-supportive, contoured footbeds to sporty slides that feature enhanced traction , so you can stay more stable when walking on slippery surfaces. Our line of leather slip-on shoes adds sophisticated style to city adventures, while providing signature Merrell comfort and stability. Buy breathable mesh slip-on women's shoes for cool feet on sunny days, then warm up with Merrell's insulated, fleece-lined slip-on mocs when winter arrives. Whether you're touring your favorite city, exploring a newfound forest path, embarking on an urban adventure or taking a breather by the beach, Merrell's selection of women's slip-on shoes are the perfect companion for both comfort and style.
Kids' Sizing
Find the perfect fit.
Use our printable size chart and measuring tool to find the perfect fit.
Little feet grow fast!
Kids' feet can grow up to a 1/2 size every 2-4 months. Use the guide below to learn more.
Shop all their favorite shoes made especially for wide feet.
or by
Key Worker/Student Discounts
Fitness
Casual
Best Sellers
United Kingdom site
Kids' Hiking & Winter Boots
The future of the outdoors has arrived.
Moab Speed 2: The Future Of Hiking
Featured Moab Speed 2 Collection
Men's Hiking Shoes & Barefoot Footwear
(369 Products)
Welcome!
MERRELL 1TRL
SS25 Collection
get notified about the latest drops and exclusives—— sign up now .
Merrell 1TRL™
Featured Merrell 1TRL™
Damen
Herren
Kinder
Inside Merrell
Mehr
The Urban Hiking Guide
Hiking is everywhere
Kommt mit jedem Wetter klar. Jederzeit.
Unsere Empfehlungen
für maximalen Speed am Renntag und im Training
Hike
für die Entdecker und Bezwinger der Welt
für eine einzigartige Verbindung zur Erde
für alle Szenarien richtig ausgestattet
Hol dir jetzt 10% Rabatt!
Melde dich für unseren Newsletter an und sichere dir exklusive Angebote, Produktneuheiten und Insider-Tipps – direkt in dein Postfach.
Vielen Dank!
KUNDENDIENST
RECHTLICHES
Retouren
​
Kontakt
Stores
Gutscheine
AGB
Datenschutz
Cookies ​
Impressum
© 2025 Merrell Switzerland. All rights reserved
SpeedARC Collection
Featured SpeedARC Collection
Women's Hiking & Everyday Sandals
(24 Products)
Sandals for Women
Buy your new favorite pair of women's sandals from Merrell and enjoy the elegant craftsmanship and expert construction you love with the comfort and durability you need, wherever your day takes you. We make all of our sandals for women with cushioned soles and stylish, comfortable designs so you can wear your pair all day, from your morning walk to casual work lunches to dinner out on the town. We also feature protective women's hiking sandals with quick-drying, breathable uppers and high-traction outsoles to keep you stable and secure on trails, over streams and even during long, rainy days of errands. Our waterproof sandals for women come in bright sporty styles and sleek, stylish designs so you can find the best summer sandals to complement any outfit or activity, from rugged trails to relaxed afternoons roaming around town. Slip your feet into a pair of breathable, cushioned women's sandals from Merrell to get the same advanced technologies you love on the trail in a stylishly-designed, casual exterior. The combination of comfort and craftsmanship makes our sandals for women an ideal warm weather companion. Whether you need a pair of women's hiking sandals to stand a serious test of endurance or want a simple summer sandal that looks and feels great for any occasion, find the perfect fit from Merrell’s selection of women's sandals today.
Slip Ons
Featured Slip Ons
Kids' Water Shoes
(3 Products)
Featured Water Shoes
Error due payment, window will close automatically
Descubre el Merrell Hiking Club
Consigue un 10 % de descuento en tu primer pedido
Envío gratuito para pedidos superiores a 75 €
Devoluciones gratuitas en todos los pedidos
Conquista cada terreno con las nuevas ProMorph
tendencia
senderismo y paseo
sandalias
Con el estilo necesario para la ciudad y la resistencia que requiere el trail.
colección moab speed 2
Equipados tanto para subir a picos de montaña como para dar paseos urbanos.
colección Lifestyle
Un diseño para alcanzar la excelencia a cada zancada
colección trail running
Las funciones Javascript de tu navegador están desactivadas. Actívalas para poder disfrutar de todas las funciones de este sitio.
¡Únete a nosotros!
Este sitio está protegido por reCAPTCHA y se aplican la Política de privacidad y los Términos de Venta . Merrell Privacy Policy
España site
Back to School
(67 Products)
Featured Back to School
Kids' Everyday Shoes and Boots
Merrell Gift Card
(16 Products)
Shop Merrell Work
Tactical
Designed for long days on duty.
Utility
Made to keep you safe and secure on the job site.
Safety Toe
Extra durability and protection.
Slip Resistant
Built for confidence and comfort on surfaces.
Work Boots & Shoes
(71 Products)
Featured Shop All
Make It Right Guarantee.
Our work boots and shoes are made to perform.
Men's Moab
(53 Products)
Google Terms of Service
Effective May 22, 2024 | Archived versions | Download PDF
Country version: United States
What’s covered in these terms
These Terms of Service reflect the way Google’s business works , the laws that apply to our company, and certain things we’ve always believed to be true . As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings:
Understanding these terms is important because, by accessing or using our services (whether you’re signed in to a Google account or not), you’re agreeing to these terms.
Besides these terms, we also publish a Privacy Policy . We encourage you to read it to better understand how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information .
Terms
Service provider
Google services are provided by, and you’re contracting with:
Google LLC organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 USA
Age requirements
If you’re under the age required to manage your own Google Account , you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please have your parent or legal guardian read these terms with you.
If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services , then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services.
Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their service-specific additional terms and policies .
Your relationship with Google
These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. When we speak of “Google,” “we,” “us,” and “our,” we mean Google LLC and its affiliates . Broadly speaking, we give you permission to access and use our services if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect how Google’s business works and how we earn money .
What you can expect from us
Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with.
Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, if your Calendar event includes an address, you can click on that address and Maps can show you how to get there.
We’re constantly developing new technologies and features to improve our services. For example, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide you with simultaneous translations, and to better detect and block spam and malware. As part of this continual improvement, we sometimes add or remove features and functionalities, increase or decrease limits to our services, and start offering new services or stop offering old ones. When a service requires or includes downloadable or preloaded software, that software sometimes updates automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some services let you adjust your automatic update settings.
If we make material changes that negatively impact your use of our services or if we stop offering a service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues. We’ll also provide you with an opportunity to export your content from your Google Account using Google Takeout, subject to applicable law and policies.
What we expect from you
You also agree that our Privacy Policy applies to your use of our services. We also provide resources like the Copyright Help Center , Safety Center , Transparency Center , and descriptions of our technologies from our policies site to answer common questions and to set expectations about using our services. Finally, we may provide specific instructions and warnings within our services – such as dialog boxes that alert you to important information.
Although we give you permission to use our services, we retain any intellectual property rights we have in the services.
Our service-specific additional terms and policies , such as our Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy , provide additional details about appropriate conduct that everyone using those services must follow. If you find that others aren’t following these rules, many of our services allow you to report abuse . If we act on a report of abuse, we also provide the process described in the Taking action in case of problems section.
Most people who access or use our services understand the general rules that keep the internet safe and open. Unfortunately, a small number of people don’t respect those rules, so we’re describing them here to protect our services and users from abuse. In that spirit:
Some of our services are designed to let you upload, submit, store, send, receive, or share your content . You have no obligation to provide any content to our services and you’re free to choose the content that you want to provide. If you choose to upload or share content, please make sure you have the necessary rights to do so and that the content is lawful.
License
Your content remains yours, which means that you retain any intellectual property rights that you have in your content. For example, you have intellectual property rights in the creative content you make, such as reviews you write. Or you may have the right to share someone else’s creative content if they’ve given you their permission.
We need your permission if your intellectual property rights restrict our use of your content. You provide Google with that permission through this license.
This license covers your content if that content is protected by intellectual property rights.
This license allows Google to:
This license is for the limited purpose of:
This license lasts for as long as your content is protected by intellectual property rights.
If you remove from our services any content that’s covered by this license, then our systems will stop making that content publicly available in a reasonable amount of time. There are two exceptions:
Using Google services
Your Google Account
If you meet these age requirements you can create a Google Account for your convenience. Some services require that you have a Google Account in order to work — for example, to use Gmail, you need a Google Account so that you have a place to send and receive your email.
You’re responsible for what you do with your Google Account, including taking reasonable steps to keep your Google Account secure, and we encourage you to regularly use the Security Checkup .
Using Google services on behalf of an organization or business
Service-related communications
To provide you with our services, we sometimes send you service announcements and other information. To learn more about how we communicate with you, see Google’s Privacy Policy .
If you choose to give us feedback, such as suggestions to improve our services, we may act on your feedback without obligation to you.
Content in Google services
Your content
Some of our services allow you to generate original content. Google won’t claim ownership over that content.
Some of our services give you the opportunity to make your content publicly available — for example, you might post a product or restaurant review that you wrote, or you might upload a blog post that you created.
If you think someone is infringing your intellectual property rights , you can send us notice of the infringement and we’ll take appropriate action. For example, we suspend or close the Google Accounts of repeat copyright infringers as described in our Copyright Help Center .
Google content
Some of our services include content that belongs to Google — for example, many of the visual illustrations you see in Google Maps. You may use Google’s content as allowed by these terms and any service-specific additional terms , but we retain any intellectual property rights that we have in our content. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any of our branding, logos, or legal notices. If you want to use our branding or logos, please see the Google Brand Permissions page.
Other content
Finally, some of our services give you access to content that belongs to other people or organizations — for example, a store owner’s description of their own business, or a newspaper article displayed in Google News. You may not use this content without that person or organization’s permission, or as otherwise allowed by law. The views expressed in other people or organizations’ content are theirs, and don’t necessarily reflect Google’s views.
Software in Google services
Some of our services include downloadable or preloaded software. We give you permission to use that software as part of the services.
Some of our services include software that’s offered under open source license terms that we make available to you. Sometimes there are provisions in the open source license that explicitly override parts of these terms, so please be sure to read those licenses.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our services or software.
In case of problems or disagreements
Warranty disclaimer
We built our reputation on providing useful, reliable services like Google Search and Maps, and we’re continuously improving our services to meet your needs. However, for legal purposes, we offer our services without warranties unless explicitly stated in our service-specific additional terms . The law requires that we explain this using specific legal language and that we use capital letters to help make sure you see it, as follows:
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE PROVIDE OUR SERVICES “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY WARRANTIES ABOUT THE CONTENT OR FEATURES OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THEIR ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS.
DON’T RELY ON THE SERVICES FOR MEDICAL, LEGAL, FINANCIAL, OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. ANY CONTENT REGARDING THOSE TOPICS IS PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR ADVICE FROM A QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL.
Liabilities
Both the law and these terms try to strike a balance as to what you or Google can claim from the other in case of problems. That’s why the law requires everyone to be responsible for certain liabilities — but not others — under these terms.
These terms only limit our responsibilities as allowed by applicable law. These terms don’t limit liability for gross negligence or willful misconduct.
If you’re a business user or organization :
Taking action in case of problems
Before taking action as described below, we’ll provide you with advance notice when reasonably possible, describe the reason for our action, and give you an opportunity to clarify the issue and address it, unless doing so would:
If any of your content (1) breaches these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies , (2) violates applicable law, or (3) could harm our users, third parties, or Google, then we reserve the right to take down some or all of that content in accordance with applicable law. Examples include child pornography, content that facilitates human trafficking or harassment, terrorist content, and content that infringes someone else’s intellectual property rights .
Without limiting any of our other rights, Google may suspend or terminate your access to the services or delete your Google Account if any of these things happen:
For more information about why we disable accounts and what happens when we do, see this Help Center page . If you believe your Google Account has been suspended or terminated in error, you can appeal .
Of course, you’re always free to stop using our services at any time. If you do stop using a service, we’d appreciate knowing why so that we can continue improving our services.
Settling disputes, governing law, and courts
For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page .
California law will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these terms, service-specific additional terms , or any related services , regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.
About these terms
By law, you have certain rights that can’t be limited by a contract like these terms of service. These terms are in no way intended to restrict those rights.
These terms describe the relationship between you and Google. They don’t create any legal rights for other people or organizations , even if others benefit from that relationship under these terms.
We want to make these terms easy to understand, so we’ve used examples from our services . But not all services mentioned may be available in your country.
If these terms conflict with the service-specific additional terms , the additional terms will govern for that service.
If it turns out that a particular term is not valid or enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.
If you don’t follow these terms or the service-specific additional terms , and we don’t take action right away, that doesn’t mean we’re giving up any rights that we may have, such as taking action in the future.
We may update these terms and service-specific additional terms (1) to reflect changes in our services or how we do business — for example, when we add new services, features, technologies, pricing, or benefits (or remove old ones), (2) for legal, regulatory, or security reasons, or (3) to prevent abuse or harm.
If we materially change these terms or service-specific additional terms , we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and the opportunity to review the changes, except (1) when we launch a new service or feature, or (2) in urgent situations, such as preventing ongoing abuse or responding to legal requirements. If you don’t agree to the new terms, you should remove your content and stop using the services. You can also end your relationship with us at any time by closing your Google Account . If you close your Google Account and then access or use our services without an account, that access and use will be subject to the most current version of these terms.
Definitions
An entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, which means Google LLC and its subsidiaries, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Limited, and Google Dialer Inc.
An individual or entity who is not a consumer (see consumer).
An individual who uses Google services for personal, non-commercial purposes outside of their trade, business, craft, or profession. (See business user)
A legal right that allows the creator of an original work (such as a blog post, photo, or video) to decide if and how that original work may be used by others, subject to certain limitations and exceptions (such as “fair use” and “fair dealing”).
If you have a Google Account, we associate your account with a country (or territory) so that we can determine:
When you’re signed out, your country version is determined by the location where you’re using Google services. If you have an account, you can sign in and view these terms to see the country associated with it.
A statement that limits someone’s legal responsibilities.
An individual or organization’s contractual obligation to compensate the losses suffered by another individual or organization from legal proceedings such as lawsuits.
Rights over the creations of a person’s mind, such as inventions (patent rights); literary and artistic works (copyright); designs (design rights); and symbols, names, and images used in commerce (trademarks). IP rights may belong to you, another individual, or an organization.
Losses from any type of legal claim, whether the claim is based on a contract, tort (including negligence), or other reason, and whether or not those losses could have been reasonably anticipated or foreseen.
A legal entity (such as a corporation, non-profit, or school) and not an individual person.
The Google services that are subject to these terms are the products and services listed at https://policies.google.com/terms/service-specific , including:
Symbols, names, and images used in commerce that are capable of distinguishing the goods or services of one individual or organization from those of another.
An assurance that a product or service will perform to a certain standard.
Things that you create, upload, submit, store, send, receive, or share using our services, such as:
