Your Connection to this website is secure.
Sale
Footer Start
About Us
Support
Shopping
My MVP Rewards
Be the first to know about online exclusives, new arrivals and events
Golf Workshop
View All
Volleyball
Pickleball
Best Sellers
Joggers
Neutral
Pants
Shorts
Indoor (IN)
Metal & Composite Bats
Men's
Surface
New Arrivals
Baseball
Jackets
FEATURED
Soccer
Men's Shoes
Youth
Training & Gym
Catcher's Gear
Custom
Bags
Tops
Ball Gloves
Socks
Tights
Custom Cleats
Turf Shoes
Volleyballs
Headwear
Swimming
Adult
Running Sale
Training Apparel
Compression
Hats
Putters
Accessories
Headcovers
Training Sale
Women's
Custom Golf Options
/
|
Announcements
Welcome to Direct Connect
GIVING CUSTOMERS A HEAD START TO EXCELLENT SERVICE
Please note that this Portal is for Mizuno Direct Connect Customers only .
Consumer can purchase direct via MizunoUSA.com
At the present time Mizuno USA and Canada continue to process orders.
Please allow at least 3 weeks for any custom orders.
Thank You for your continued support.
Login
Pay Invoices
Quick Order
Track Orders
Metal Cleats
Tech Suits
Softball
Golf
Training Bats
Bats
Firm Ground (FG)
Towels
Fungos
Apparel
Unisex
Baseball Sale
Team Uniforms
Wide
Training Swimsuits
Club Teams
Batting Gloves
We are committed to achieving a sustainable society
To actively contribute to the conservation of the global environment in all business activities and actions of all individuals. As we provide products and services that embody the diverse values of sports, protecting the global environment where people around the world can live with peace of mind and play lively sports is an important issue.
Believing in the collective power which sports can bring,
To contribute to the mental and physical health of people through sport. Sports have great power not only to maintain physical and mental health, but also to create communication across countries and generations and to bring out the potential of people and regions. Mizuno supports more people to access sports and contributes to the realization of a richer and more sustainable society in which each person can shine.
And united in respecting diversity
To contribute to the realization of a future in which all people respect, understand and accept each other. We believe in a sustainable future in which all people live equally on a safe and healthy planet. Respecting the diversity of all people, we provide better sporting equipment, places and opportunities for playing sports to all, regardless of nationality, race, gender, age or physical ability, through our sincere business activities.
We have a mission: If we want to leave a more sustainable world behind for future generations, while solving pressing social issues and ensuring our survival, we must work together. We must collaboratively make sustainable choices worldwide – and together, we can do it.
Environmental Targets
Reduction in CO2 emissions by 50.4% （vs. FY2018 level）
Reduction in CO2 emissions by 58.1% （vs. FY2018 level, per 1 billion yen of added value）
net-zero
Our Actions
2025.08.05
Partnership Agreement with Suminoe Ward Office, Osaka City
2025.07.21
Zero Contribution to Marine Plastic Waste! World’s First*1 Sports Artificial Turf and Infill Co-developed with Kaneka
2025.07.14
Utilizing Windbreaker Waste Materials: The “Washable Pouch” Project
2025.06.20
Mizuno’s Sustainability Activities at the Osaka Marathon 2025
2025.06.06
Mizuno Hosts Senior International Badminton Tournament Mizuno OMOTENASHI Cup Japan
2025.03.10
Participation in community revitalization initiative “FC Gifu Well-being Project”
As Mizuno recognized that all corporate business activities affect the environment, our global environmental protection activities, Crew 21 Project, was launched in September 1991, with the aim of contributing to the preservation of the global environment.
From April 2021 (the 30th anniversary of the Crew 21 Project), we will describe and designate all of our Mizuno Global Sustainability activities, as “MIZUNO CREW 21”.
As we are all members of the “crew of the spaceship earth”, we will contribute to social, economic and environmental sustainability, as well as the fulfillment of our relevant activities.
The plant expresses our appreciation and the need to delicately care for the environment.
The form of a human, which is composed of 3 curving, soft arrows, represents Mizuno’s sustainability development will be in balance with the three SDG main silo’s of “economy, society and environment”.
The 3 curving, circular integrated arrows represent the cycle of the 3-R’s,“reduce, reuse and recycle”, which are essential factors for environmental preservation.
About SDGs
© Mizuno Corporation
Women
Sportstyle
Women's Shoes
Components
Custom Uniforms
Tees & Tanks
Shorts & Skorts
Outerwear
Running
Hybrids
Protective Accessories
Goggles
THE FEEL OF A BLADE THE FORGIVENESS OF A MALLET
The M-Craft X delivers the best of both worlds.
The larger head design, combined with customizable weights, ensures unmatched forgiveness and stability for off-centre strikes.
A dynamically shallow centre of gravity provides the swing feel of a smaller, blade-style putter, enhancing control and finesse.
HIGHLY ADJUSTABLE TO FIT YOUR EXACT STROKE.
The M-Craft X redefines putter customisation with options that allow you to fine-tune every aspect of your performance. With the M-Craft X, you can achieve a fully personalised setup without the need to purchase multiple putters.
CHOOSE YOUR ANGLE
Choose from Plumber, Slant, and Bend necks to match your preferred putting stroke. The 1025 Steel Forged Body ensures exceptional feel alongside a CNC-Milled Face that offers precise consistency.
ALIGN FOR PRECISION
Select from three preferred head shape for alignment and stability, while also adjusting the centre of gravity to optimise balance during your stroke.
DESIGN FOR YOUR STROKE
Interchangeable weights further refine the feel and swing dynamics of the putter giving you the ultimate control. All weight combinations can be Interchanged at any time.
FORGED AND MILLED FOR FEEL AND CONSISTENCY
At the heart of the M-Craft X is Mizuno’s signature dedication to craftsmanship.
POPULAR COMBINATIONS
Customize every aspect of your putter for a unique performance that’s all your own. With the MCraft X, you can choose from nine unique combinations of neck, face, and sole weights to give you the perfect balance of feel and control.
MODERN DESIGN MIZUNO TRADITION
The M-Craft X is a seamless blend of Mizuno’s heritage of precision forging and modern performance technology. Its sleek design and fully adjustable features provide golfers with a putter that’s both a work of art and a performance powerhouse.
Volleyball Custom Uniforms
Men's Apparel
Umpire
Equipment
Training
Shoes
Irons
Trail
Custom Baseball Gloves
BEST SELLERS
Wave Rider 29
$150
Wave Inspire 21
$140
Mizuno Neo Zen
JPX925 Forged
Starting from $1,400
Wave Momentum 3
$155
Morelia Neo IV Ruby Red
$290
Mizuno Alpha II Ruby Red
$320
Fastpitch CRBN1
$300
GX-SONIC 6
$410
MVP Prime Glove
Starting From $120
Wave Enforce Tour 2
SHOP BY SPORT
REACH BEYOND
Women's Apparel
Cart Bags
Tennis
Kickboards & Paddles
Batter's Helmets
OUR ATHLETES
Roberto Bautista-Agut
Tennis Pro
Alexander Shevchenko
Andrei Daescu
Pickleball Pro
Jill Braverman
Christian Alshon
Riley Newman
Jaume Martinez-Vich
Lea Jansen
Wyatt Stone
Racquet Sports
Training & Gym Shoes
Custom Softball Uniforms
Youth Cleats
Golf Balls
Trail Running
Footwear
Pads
Custom Gloves
Mizuno Sustainability Vision
We believe in a sustainable future in which all people live equally on a safe and healthy planet. While respecting the dignity of all people, we will continue to nurture a beneficial future, where sports can be enjoyed anytime, anywhere and without reservation.
Making people around the world happy through the power of sports
Since its foundation in 1906, Mizuno Corporation has developed products and services and utilized the value of sports under the management principle that “we will contribute to society through the advancement of sporting goods and the promotion of sports”. We will actively spread the value of sports even in everyday life and contribute to making people around the world happy through the power of sports.
NEWS
2025.02.05
MIZUNO SIGNS BRAND AMBASSADOR DEAL WITH JOÃO FÉLIX
2024.03.25
Unleashing boundless potential: Mizuno's GLOBAL APPREL COLLECTION with the revolutionary MUGEN CONCEPT
2023.08.01
Mizuno set to launch 2023 running shoes that balances carbon impact
Our History
Mizuno USA Careers
ABOUT MIZUNO USA
JOBS
BENEFITS & INCENTIVES
More
About Mizuno USA
Mizuno USA, Inc.'s roots stem from its parent company Mizuno Corporation. Mizuno Corporation was established in Osaka, Japan in 1906 by Rihachi Mizuno. Today, Mizuno USA is located in Norcross, GA and continues to manufacture and distribute high quality golf, baseball, softball, running, track & field and volleyball equipment, apparel, and footwear.
Since our founding, we have taken special pride and pleasure in being able to participate in the exciting world of sports and providing sports equipment of the highest quality. Each and every one of us is guided by the ideal of true sportsmanship. That was true over 100 years ago and is still true today. It is evident in our corporate philosophy which, simply stated, is "Contributing to society through the advancement of sporting goods and the promotion of sports."
Mizuno USA Commitment
Mizuno is committed to excellence, diversity and leading by example. Mizuno has adapted the Kaizen approach to business management, development and continuous improvement. Employees are trusted and valued resources of the company and work is approached from the viewpoint of team collaboration and equality.
Mizuno USA Hiring Philosophy
Are you passionate about sports? Excited to be where the action is? If so, Mizuno USA is the place to be. We employ enthusiastic sports centric, dynamic individuals who bring the necessary education, skills and expertise to perform competent, rewarding work for both the company and the individual. Our diverse and stimulating positions are awarded on a competitive basis according to bona fide job requirements. Mizuno USA will employ the best qualified available candidate for each position from either within the Company or externally.
Mizuno USA
3155 Northwoods Parkway
Norcross, GA 30071
(770) 441-5553
www.mizunousa.com
“EEMON TSUKUNNAHAREYA” (Create the best products for customers)
The history of Mizuno is exactly the history of the pursuit to make something great. The beginning was in 1906. Mizuno started its business as “Mizuno Brothers Ltd.”
Footsteps of Mizuno
Foundation Rihachi Mizuno and his younger brother Rizo founded “Mizuno Brothers Ltd.” in Kita Ward, Osaka. The shop sold western sundries, including baseballs. The shop’s mark when it was first founded was the “Izuhi.”
Sales of order-made athletic wear begins
Manufacturing of athletic wear begins
The founder of Mizuno, Rihachi Mizuno, who was impressed by the baseball culture of the United States, began producing athletic wear in an effort to spread baseball in Japan. He aimed to produce athletic wear that was easy to move in and comfortable to wear.
The shop is moved to Umeda Shinmichi in Osaka, and at the same time, its name is changed to “Mizuno Shoten (Mizuno Shop)”
Launch of baseball shoes
Initially, since they were produced using the scant technology and knowledge that Mizuno had, they did not have spikes as the current models do. Entirely covered with leather, they were heavy and shaped like boots.
Production of sporting goods is planned
Tokyo branch opens
Manufacturing of baseballs and gloves begins
Manufacturing of baseball gloves begins
In 1913, when Mizuno first marketed its baseball gloves, they were priced at about two Japanese yen a piece. The founder, Rihachi Mizuno, worked with craftsmen to produce gloves which he designed himself.
Mizuno held the Kansai Student Association Baseball Championship It became the foundation of the current Summer National High School Baseball Championship.
The shop moves to Shijimibashi, Kita Ward, Osaka
Dojima factory opens Full-scale production of sporting goods began.
Mizuno calls for standardization of baseballs Mizuno standardized the baseballs and established the bound standard.
Mizuno held the Tokyo Industrial League Baseball Championship
Izuhi and cup marks are registered as Mizuno’s trademark
The Kansai Student Association Baseball Championship moves to spring The Kansai Student Association Baseball Championship moved to spring. It became the foundation of the current Spring National High School Baseball Invitational Tournament.
Mizuno held the National Industrial League Baseball Championship
Umeda factory opens
Launch of novelties
Mizuno began to sell a variety of novelties under distinctive names, including “over sweaters”, “cutter shirts”, “Boston bags”, “run pants” and “polo shirts.”
Kobe branch opens
Mizuno held tennis and baseball tournaments Mizuno held the Tokyo Industrial League Tennis Championship, Osaka Little League Baseball Championship and Tokyo Little League Baseball Championship.
Huge hit of over sweaters
Since players of an American professional baseball team wore over sweaters when they came to Japan in 1920, they became popular among students who loved baseball. It quickly spread among the general public, and over sweaters ended up being a mega hit.
Mizuno becomes the general agent of Sandström Ski (Sweden).
Planning for production of golf clubs begins
Headquarters move to Kitahama, Osaka
The factory moves to Urae
“Kyobi-kai”, a specialty store, is established, which becomes the matrix of a large specialty store later
Domestic production of skis begins
Nagoya branch opens
The company is reorganized into “Mizuno Undo Yohin Kabushikigaisha (Mizuno Sporting Goods Corporation)”
Kyoto branch opens
Campaign to rename waseihin (Japanese products) and hakuraihin (imported goods) to nihonhin (Japanese goods) and gaikokuhin (foreign goods) is developed
Tokyo Ginza shop opens
Launch of hickory skis
When the daily wages of full-fledged craftsmen were around 1 yen, a pair of hickory skis was about 30 yen. Therefore, only wealthy people could afford them. After World War II, Mizuno contributed to increasing the skiing population by completely changing the means of production, promoting rational mechanization, and paying particular attention to research and development.
Mizuno establishes amateur ski clubs in Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto and Kobe
Mizuno receives the Medal with Dark Blue Ribbon
The new headquarters building is completed in Yodoyabashi, Osaka The old Yodoyabashi shop of Mizuno
Manufacturing of track and field cleats begins
When Mizuno first began producing track and field cleats, the material was leather, and long heavy pins were used as spikes. They are the item which has been supported by many top athletes since then and was the starting point of Mizuno's growth into what it is today.
Rihachi Mizuno visits Europe and the United States (He inspects 11 countries, 80 cities by the next August)
Rihachi Mizuno organizes a large specialty shop at Osaka Station
Amagasaki south factory opens
Launch of “Star Line”, the first Japanese made golf club
This is the first golf club which Mizuno produced in Japan. Also, this model is Mizuno’s first forged iron club, which is an important technology passed down and used even these days.
Cafeteria opens in Osaka headquarters The cafeteria was opened on the 7th and 8th floor in Osaka headquarters located in Yodoyabashi, Osaka. Curry and rice and home run mug beer were especially popular there.
Manufacturing and sales of the first catcher’s mitt begin
At that time, people used the same type of glove no matter what their position was. Paying attention to movements in baseball which require different ways of catching the ball depending on the position that they play in the field, Mizuno became the first company in the world to develop a catcher's and first baseman's mitt focusing on how players fielding these positions catch the ball.
Tokyo Itabashi factory opens
Company song and headquarters song are made
The 1st issue of Mizuno’s shop magazine is published Mizuno quickly recognized the necessity of public relations within the company.
Manufacturing of gliders begins
Mizuno started manufacturing gliders to commemorate its 30th year in business. After years of facing many challenges, a team of engineers successfully conducted a test flight over Mt. Fuji. In 1940, the “Type 301 Soarer” set a new Japanese record for altitude and flight duration.
The Select Scientific Laboratory, which is today's Product (Technology) Development Department, is established
Shops are established in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, Qingdao and Dalian
“上海美津濃運動用品株式会社 (Shanghai Mizuno Sporting Goods Corporation)” is established
Mizuno’s Type 301 Soarer glider sets a new Japanese record for altitude and flight duration
Mizuno holds the 1st women’s ski course aiming to increase the female skiing population
“満洲運動用品株式会社 (Manchuria Sporting Goods Corporation)” is established
Manufacturing and sales of backpacks made of canvas for people to go grocery shopping
Company name is changed to “Mizuno Corporation”
Yoro factory opens in Gifu Prefecture
All of the 6 factories (Urae, Yoro, Amagasaki north and south, Itabashi and Fukaya) come under the direct control of the Ministry of Munitions
Yoro factory starts manufacturing various woodwork products
Urae factory restarts manufacturing various fabric products
Cloth baseball gloves produced immediately after World War II
Right after the war, it became extremely difficult to get leather, which had been used to manufacture baseball gloves until then. Under such circumstances, baseball gloves made of cloth were manufactured out of the founder’s strong belief that “because Japan is in a dark place now, we need the power of sports more than ever.”
Mizuno donates Yoro factory site of 100,000 tsubo (approximately 330,679 ㎡) to the town of Yoro
Manufacturing of tennis rackets begins
Around 1946 right after the end of the war, Mizuno started making a prototype of a tennis racket in its own factory. The following year, facilities were expanded and reinforced, and full-scale manufacture was started. Entering the 1950s, research on not only conventional material of wood but also fiber reinforced plastic (FRP) was advanced. In 1952, the production of tennis and badminton rackets grew so fast that the number of rackets produced reached around 10,000.
The Select Scientific Laboratory is expanded into the Technology Research Department
“Mizuno-kai”, an organization of distributors, is formed
New wing of the Tokyo branch is completed
Rihachi Mizuno receives an official commendation from the Japan Amateur Baseball Association
Rihachi Mizuno receives the Award of Merit from the All-Japan High School Baseball Federation
Rihachi Mizuno is awarded “the Medal with Blue Ribbon” Rihachi Mizuno
Mizuno develops and patents an injection-molded, compressed plastic bat
Mizuno is listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Mizuno opens a shop in Tennoji Station Building in Osaka (the 1st company-operated shop)
Rihachi Mizuno is awarded the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold and Silver Rays
Mizuno donates 25 stocks to all the employees for free
One of the world’s largest golf factories opens in Yoro
The 1st Grand Monarch Golf Tournament is held
Rihachi Mizuno receives the “Academy Award” and “Knight Medal” from the International American Institute He is the 30th Japanese to receive this award.
Launch of “Grand Monarch” golf clubs
Mizuno started selling high-end golf clubs called “Grand Monarch.” This series was inducted into the American Golf Hall of Fame later in 1977.
Chairman and president are newly inaugurated Rihachi Mizuno is appointed Chairman, and Kenjiro Mizuno President
Rihachi Mizuno passes away Rihachi Mizuno was awarded “the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Gold Rays with Rosette with Junior Fifth Rank.” The “Mizuno Sports Promotion Association” was established by his will.
“Taiwan Mizuno” is established
Rihachi Mizuno is inducted into the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame
The 1st Mizuno Tournament of golf is held
Launch of M-Line shoes
The Mizuno shoes, named “M-Line”, which covered all needs from athletic to daily-use made a big splash around the world. In 1975, Mizuno developed the new M-Line series with a more advanced M shape.
Mizuno is listed on the First Section of the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges
Launch of “World Win” baseball glove
The World Win baseball glove became a synonym for a high-class glove in the market in those days. It was developed by giving much consideration to the opinions of contracted players. Many baseball players became familiar with the cup mark as a symbol of Mizuno at that time.
Kenjiro Mizuno is awarded “the Medal with Dark Blue Ribbon”
Mizuno Golf Club is inducted into the American Golf Hall of Fame
The Mizuno International Sports Exchange Foundation is established
Kenjiro Mizuno is awarded “the Medal with Blue Ribbon”
Mizuno starts workshops for Major Leagues
The system of two headquarters in Tokyo and Osaka begins
Ayama factory dedicated only to baseball goods opens
Football boots “WORLD”
They are the representative of M-Line football spikes, which consider how to respond to various movements such as momentary plunge, sudden stop and rapid turn. The use of light materials made it possible to reduce fatigue even after a series of rough plays and to assist nimble footwork.
CIS is introduced.
Sales of shoes begins in the United States
“Mizuno RunBird Co., Ltd.” is established
Launch of “Vanguard” golf club
Mizuno became the 1st manufacturer in the world to develop and market a golf club which uses carbon for its head.
“Mizuno Corp. (UK) & Mizuno Golf Company” is established as a local subsidiary in the United States
Launch of RunBird shoes
That is a mark of the shoes which expresses “an orbit of a planet.” It is named “RunBird” for its shape. Now it is the corporate logo of Mizuno and carries a vital role as the symbol of the company’s brand.
Kenjiro Mizuno receives the “Legion of Honour” and “Olympic Order”
Launch of “Morelia” football boots
This pair of boots, which weighed 245 grams each, was globally marketed as an extremely light pair of shoes in those days. Based on the concept of “light, flexible, and barefoot senses”, they were developed as boots that could be used by anyone irrespective of their skill level and the position which they play on the field in an effort to further draw out the potential of many footballers.
“CX603”, a regulation tennis racket used by a distinguished tennis player
This racket became widely known to the world because a well-known female professional tennis player used it in those days, which led to a huge hit in the country. This model used two kinds of special materials, which absorbed the impact and vibration that traveled to the arm, reducing the burden on it.
Six-finger baseball glove
This glove was planned and produced to meet the request of an ambidextrous player of a Major League Baseball team in those days. It provided a pocket for accommodating the thumb on both of its sides so that the player could use it with their right or left hand even during a game, and the web was placed in the center of the glove. It was a product that represented the can-do spirit Mizuno had maintained since its founding.
Mizuno starts golf workshops in Europe
Kenjiro Mizuno is awarded “the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon”
Manufacturing of sportswear in the United States begins
The characters for the company’s name are unified as “ミズノ”, which is “Mizuno” written in katakana
“Mizuno Germany” is established
Chairman and president are newly inaugurated Kenjiro Mizuno is appointed Chairman, and Masato Mizuno President
Launch of Mizuno’s first “Mizuno Pro” baseball glove
Mizuno Pro aimed to become number one in all aspects, including functionality, quality, and material. Since developers created the most natural shape of a hand from hand samples of many active players in those days and designed the glove using detailed calculations, Mizuno Pro was praised as a glove that was closest to the human hand and most faithful to its essential movements.
“Esport Mizuno”, a flagship shop, opens “Esport Mizuno” opened in the Kanda-Ogawamachi area, Tokyo as a flagship shop.
“Mizuno Corporation of America” is established “Mizuno Corporation of America” was established as a presiding company for businesses in the United States.
The factories in Iga, Ayama, Shikoku, Haga and Hikami become subsidiary companies
Launch of “Mizuno Pro Ti-110 and 120”, golf clubs with a titanium head
Mizuno became the world’s first manufacturer to develop and market golf clubs with a titanium head.
“Mizuno France” is established
Track and field cleats that supported an athlete establish a new world record
These cleats helped establish the then new world record of 9.86 seconds for 100m. That was the moment when not only the athlete but also all developers who had entered Mizuno wishing to “create shoes that would help produce a new world record” realized their dream.
“Mizuno Canada”, a sales company, is established
Mizuno starts a “global environmental protection activity” titled Crew21 Mizuno’s “global environmental protection activity” is named Crew21 (Conservation of Resources and Environmental Wave21) out of the wish to play a role as a crew member of “Spaceship Earth” and to carry out activities to protect resources and the environment. This is when the company’s activities to realize a sustainable world started.
Mizuno Osaka headquarters building is completed The new Osaka headquarters building “Mizuno Crystal” was completed in Suminoe Ward, Osaka on March 19 and commenced operations on April 1.
“Notus” golf club becomes a big hit
Notus golf clubs went on sale. They became a big hit due to a new product plan and a winning marketing strategy.
“Mizuno Hong Kong”, a production management company for the Asian region, begins operations
The new factory of “Mizuno RunBird Co., Ltd.” begins operations
Development of Innovative moisture-absorbing, heat-retaining material “Breath Thermo”
This is Mizuno’s key material that responds to moisture seeping out of the skin and generates heat in the clothing. At that time, it was developed for winter sports, but in recent years, it has evolved into a daily-use material.
“Shanghai Mizuno Corporation Ltd.” is established after a merger with 上海文化用品総公司 (Shanghai Recreation and Miscellaneous Goods Corporation)
Manufacturing of sportswear in China begins
Local subsidiaries “Mizuno United Kingdom” and “Mizuno Germany” become branch offices Sales in Europe except France started to be managed under the direct selling system by the Japanese headquarters.
Mizuno’s official website opens
Development of 9-point baseball cleats
Based on biomechanics, Mizuno came up with the concept of “9-point baseball cleats”, which was beyond conventional wisdom, and garnered public attention. Mizuno is the pioneer of 9-point baseball spikes, which are considered to be standard throughout the world today.
Mizuno enters the market of mainland China by establishing 2 company-operated shops in Shanghai
Launch of “Cat Plus” running shoes
Mizuno develops “Cat Plus”, running shoes with enhanced forefoot functionality
“Mizuno USA” is established Mizuno dissolved “Mizuno Corporation of America” as a part of business restructuring in the United States and established a new subsidiary, “Mizuno USA, Inc.”
Launch of Mizuno’s first “Wave Rider”
Mizuno developed a corrugated plate called “Mizuno Wave”, which overcame two contradictory requirements: cushioning and stability. Today, the “Wave Rider” running shoes, which use this plate, are one of Mizuno’s signature series of shoes.
Nobuyoshi Tsubota becomes a “Contemporary Master Craftsman” Nobuyoshi Tsubota, an employee of Mizuno who has made baseball gloves for 50 years, received the “Contemporary Master Craftsman” award from the Ministry of Labor.
Kenjiro Mizuno passes away.
The “Mizuno Environmental Policy” is set to promote environmental protection activity Under the slogan of “providing healthy scenes of sports to people and the Earth”, Mizuno decided the policy to actively contribute to global environmental protection activity with all business activities and each person’s actions.
Products incorporating “Ice Touch” cooling fabric become a big hit
Nobuyoshi Tsubota, a glove craftsman receives “the Medal with Yellow Ribbon”
Masato Mizuno receives the “Olympic Order”
Launch of “Beyond Max”, a urethane-based baseball bat for Japanese-style baseball played with hard rubber balls
This revolutionary bat completely overturned the accepted idea that “hard rubber balls do not fly far because they are soft and bats are hard”. Use of a special soft resin for the portion of the bat that hits the ball achieved flying distance that was supposed to be impossible in the Japanese-style baseball which uses hard rubber balls.
All the offices in Japan obtain “ISO14001 certification”
Launch of Mizuno’s first generation of volleyball shoes, “Wave Lightning”
This is the first model of the Wave Lightning series of Mizuno volleyball shoes which have been highly rated by many users from top athletes to casual players.
Isokazu Kubota becomes a “Contemporary Master Craftsman” Isokazu Kubota, who is an employee of Mizuno and a master of bat making, received the Ministry of Labor’s “Contemporary Master Craftsman” award.
Masato Mizuno receives the “Medal with Blue Ribbon”
The flagship shop is established in Shenyang, China
Masato Mizuno receives an award from the “World Olympians Association”
Development of a new baseball for official professional baseball games
The “Team Mizuno Athletics”, an athletics club team, is established
Isokazu Kubota, who is an employee of Mizuno and a master of bat making, receives “the Medal with Yellow Ribbon.”
On the 100th anniversary of the founding, a new brand slogan is established As Mizuno celebrated the 100th anniversary of its founding, a new brand slogan for the next 100 years “tomorrow, sure, we can” was established.
Chairman and president are newly inaugurated Masato Mizuno is appointed Chairman, and Akito Mizuno President
The sales company in China starts operations “美津濃（中国）体育用品有限公司 [Mizuno (China) Sports Goods Company Limited]” is spun off into a separate company from Shanghai Mizuno and starts operations as a sales company.
Declaration of the use of “Mizuno RunBird” Mizuno announces that it will use “Mizuno RunBird” as a brand mark for baseball and golf goods.
“ISO9001” certification is obtained All the manufacturing factories obtained “ISO9001” certification.
Launch of “WAVE CREATION” in the world, which uses a new structure called “Infinity Wave”
“Infinity Wave” exhibits the functionality of Mizuno Wave to the maximum extent by reducing the mid-sole sponge. It substantially improved the cushioning, stability, and resilience of Mizuno shoes and prevented them from easily running out of elasticity.
The Mizuno China Headquarters is established in the suburbs of Shanghai
The “Mizuno Swim Team”, a swimming club team, is established
The 1st local company in Oceania “Mizuno Corporation Australia Pty Ltd.” starts operations
Launch of “WAVE IGNITUS MD”, football shoes that make it easy to perform no-spin kicks
In order to support the feet of the world’s top athletes, Mizuno worked together closely with players to develop the WAVE IGNITUS shoes. In developing this model, the developers paid particular attention to a unique panel which made it easy to perform special no-spin kicks.
The “Mizuno Sports Promotion Association” and the “Mizuno International Sports Exchange Foundation” are merged, and the “Mizuno Sports Promotion Foundation” is established
The “Mizuno Wellness” and the “Mizuno Alfa Service” are merged, and the “Mizuno Sports Service Co., Ltd.” is established
The “Mizuno Industry Hikami” and the “Mizuno Industry Shikoku, Kochi” are integrated into the “Mizuno Apparel Technics Co., Ltd.” “Mizuno Apparel Technics Co., Ltd.”
Launch of “Mizuno GX” competition swimsuit
Mizuno launched the “Mizuno GX” competition swimsuit, which is certified by the International Swimming Federation (FINA). The concept of this competition swimsuit is “flat swim”, which has become the fundamental concept for all competition swimsuits for more than ten years since.
The beginning of the Japanese name of Mizuno Sports Promotion Foundation is changed to “公益財団法人 (public interest incorporated foundation)” The beginning of the Japanese name of Mizuno Sports Promotion Foundation was changed from “財団法人 (incorporated foundation)” to “公益財団法人 (public interest incorporated foundation).”
“SENOH” becomes a subsidiary company “SENOH”, which is a top brand of the indoor sports goods industry, became a new member of the Mizuno group.
“Netherlands branch” opens
“Mizuno Italy” is established by finalizing a contract to take over its Italian distributor, Alto
“Mizuno Running Station Shanghai Pudong” is established “Mizuno Running Station Shanghai Pudong”, which was integrated with the first facility for running in Shanghai, was established.
“Mizuno Spain”, an overseas subsidiary, starts operations
“Mizuno Korea Ltd.” is established
“Mizuno Singapore Pte. Ltd.”, an overseas subsidiary, is established
Mizuno receives the “Medal for Distinguished Services of the Sports Group” from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology
Launch of the new football spikes “BASARA”
This pair of football spikes does not only support players’ linear acceleration but also are designed to allow them to make high-speed turns easily while maintaining their speed.
「“Thai Mizuno Co., Ltd.” is established
Masato Mizuno is inaugurated as the Senior Corporate Adoviser
Full-scale process to be a designated manager of sports facilities all over Japan starts
The first “Mizuno Running Store” in Taiwan opens
Masato Mizuno receives “The Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon”
“Design Center” is established in Portland, Oregon, USA
“MS Craft Baseball Turf” is adopted in a professional baseball stadium for the first time
“MS Craft Baseball Turf”, artificial turf for baseball, was adopted in a professional baseball stadium for the first time. By October 2021, it gained the biggest market share of artificial turf in the national baseball stadiums.
“Mizuno Norge AS.” is established
The 30th anniversary of the football shoes “Morelia”
Regarding “Morelia”, Mizuno put its maximum effort into making the shoes including the choice of materials and the quality of the manufacturing process. 2015 marked this model’s 30th anniversary, but its design and shape have not undergone any major changes, and it continues to carry on its tradition.
All the factories in Japan become “Mizuno Technics Corp.” As “Mizuno Apparel Technics Co., Ltd.” became “Mizuno Technics Corp.”, all the factories in Japan have become “Mizuno Technics Corp.” “Mizuno Technics Corp.”
New category is developed for the sports casual wear market
Development of “Sports Style” started as a new lifestyle category for the sports casual wear market. It was launched as fashion sneakers with functions, quality and stories nurtured in the history of Mizuno. It started as 2 collections: “RB Collection”, which used RB mark and “M-Line”, which used shoe line from the 1970’s. “M-Line” changed its name to “MLC” in 2021 and continued its sales.
“Mizuno Vietnam Company Limited” is established as a subsidiary of “Mizuno Hong Kong”
Launch of “Almighty” working shoes
It is a pair of working shoes whose features are soft feeling and mobility. These are the result of using all the knowledge gained from the development of sports shoes. Starting with the launch of the shoes, Mizuno entered the market of working goods on a full scale.
Launch of Mizuno’s sports insurance
The 110th anniversary of the foundation
Launch of “REBULA”, a series of soccer spikes
With the concept of “shoes that create critical plays”, Mizuno launched a soccer shoes series called “REBULA”, which can control both speed and touch of the ball. This model is worn by numerous professional players.
Full-fledged entry into the work apparel market Mizuno set up a department dedicated to planning and sales of custom order corporate uniforms using technologies and knowledge nurtured in the development of sports goods in 1997 and has delivered to more than 500 companies. Mizuno also launched working shoes in March 2016 and entered the work apparel market at full scale in February 2018.
“MIZUNO OSAKA CHAYAMACHI” opens “MIZUNO OSAKA CHAYAMACHI”, a global flagship store, opened in Chayamachi, Kita Ward, Osaka.
Launch of “Mizuno Healthy Interior” series
“Squat Sourire” and “Abs Pulule” are the first-generation products of “Mizuno Healthy Interior”, which was born as a “health appliance” that can fit into living areas as interior goods.
“Hexathlon” is introduced into Vietnam’s primary compulsory education Conclusion of a memorandum on cooperation concerning the introduction and establishment of “Hexathlon”, an exercise program for children, in Vietnam’s primary compulsory education
“World Masters Games 2021 Kansai” sponsorship Mizuno concluded a major partnership contract for the “World Masters Games 2021 Kansai.” It was the only major partner contract as a sports goods manufacturer.
“Mizuno APAC (Thailand)”, a sales company in Thailand, opens
Renewal of the brand slogan The brand slogan was renewed to “REACH BEYOND.” The slogan expresses the attitude of the company to “always try to reach beyond now.”
Work style reforms by introducing new systems Office365 of Microsoft was introduced as an in-house tool. The trial run of a telework system was carried out in 2018, and it started to be promoted in full scale in 2019.
Development of “DRY AEROFLOW”, Mizuno’s unique material to process sweat which shows excellent breathability during drenching sweat
In the development of “DRY AEROFLOW”, Mizuno paid special attention to films of sweat which lower breathability of cloth and cause discomfort. Even during drenching sweat, the level of performance and comfort is kept by preventing films of sweat to maintain breathability. This is adopted as material for sportswear that a number of top athletes put on.
Expansion of business to run sports facilities The number of sports facilities run by Mizuno reached 170 in properties and more than 1,000 in facilities.
Mizuno receives a letter of gratitude from the Commissioner of Japan Sports Agency The Commissioner of Japan Sports Agency gave the letter of gratitude for “the project to introduce and promote Mizuno Hexathlon exercise program in Vietnam’s primary compulsory education”, which Mizuno participated in as one of the certified programs of Sports for Tomorrow.
「“MIZUNO TOKYO” opens after its renewal “Esport Mizuno” in Kanda-Ogawamachi area, Tokyo was changed its name to “MIZUNO TOKYO” and reopened.
President Akito Mizuno receives “the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon”
Launch of “Mouth Cover”
Mizuno sold 20,000 mouth covers made with swimsuit fabric on the official online shop. They were sold out on that day as it was a popular topic. In July 2021, the sum total of mouth covers sold reached 10 million.
Development of “MIZUNO ENERZY”, a high resilience material
“MIZUNO ENERZY” was developed, which is a high resilience material for shoes that achieved the highest resilience in Mizuno’s history. As a key material of Mizuno, it is used for various types of shoes including running shoes and indoor shoes.
“Mizuno France S.A.S” is established
“Mizuno Europe B.V.” (subsidiary owned 100% by Mizuno), a local company presiding businesses in Europe, is established in Rotterdam, Netherlands
Acceleration of sustainability activities Since the fiscal year of 2021, Mizuno has accelerated sustainability activities globally and aimed to improve its business through solving social issues to achieve a sustainable world.
Closing of Yodoyabashi shop of Mizuno The Yodoyabashi shop of Mizuno, located in Chuo Ward, Osaka, was built as a headquarters building in 1927 and closed on June 30, 2021. It was the symbol of Rihachi Mizuno’s management ideology for nearly 100 years as sports culture has been developing. See more
“Sharp Sangyo Co., Ltd.” becomes a subsidiary, which plans, manufactures and sells commemorative gifts and souvenirs for all kinds of sports competitions
Launch of “WAVE RIDER 25” running shoes
“Wave Rider” celebrated its 25th anniversary and has improved to be the most popular Mizuno shoes in the world with high resilience material “MIZUNO ENERZY” being newly installed in the whole sole.
Launch of “Katanaα”, a leaf springs for prosthetic legs
“Katanaα” was launched, which is a leaf spring for prosthetic legs aimed at people who enter competitions. This is a product to realize a dream of people with disabilities to “run.”
Adoption of recycled paper for shoe boxes As a part of sustainability activities, every category of shoe boxes in the world were changed to the ones using 100% recycled paper.
With the expansion of Australia Mizuno’s business, “Australia Mizuno” is changed to “Mizuno Oceania”
Development of “Pure Hyper”, a new stain-resistant, antibacterial and deodorizing material
The new material called “Pure Hyper” was developed, which has stain-resistant, antibacterial and deodorizing functions. It is easy to remove stains from it, and it suppresses the increase of bacteria on fiber, which is the cause of odor.
Innovation Center "MIZUNO ENGINE" begins operations. Mizuno has established a new Innovation Center "MIZUNO ENGINE" on the premises of its Osaka Head Quarters to strengthen its research and development capabilities and accelerate the creation of social innovation through sports. The Innovation Center is a facility that brings special equipments together in one place for "measuring," "creating," and "testing," which are the basis of research and development.
Development of new material “DRY AEROFLOW RAPID”
Developed “DRY AEROFLOW RAPID,” which combines the functionality of “DRY AEROFLOW” with specialized fibers that have excellent near-infrared absorption properties. The specialized fibers absorb infrared radiation from the human body, improving anti-transparency properties against infrared cameras. This protects athletes from voyeuristic harm and supports an environment where they can concentrate on their competitions.
”Mizuno New Zealand Corporation Pty Ltd." is established.
“Mizuno Malaysia sdn.bdh.” is established
Full-scale entry into the sleep industry Full-scale entry into the sleep market. Launched the new series “MIZUNO SLEEP,” which aims to improve sleep performance for all people under the concept of “Upgrade your sleep with sports technology"
Opening of “Mizuno Shop Shinsaibashi ,” the first directly-operated store focused mainly on Sportstyle Shoes
“MIZUNO DO BRASIL SERVICOS EMPRESARIAIS LTDA” is established
Opening of “Mizuno Shop Rinku Premium Outlets ,” the first directly-operated outlet store
Development of new material “Techfill Breath Thermo ”
Developed “Techfill Breath Thermo,” *2 a new material that offers superior warmth compared to down. *1 “Techfill Breath Thermo” not only surpasses down in heat retention *1 but also maintains its insulating properties when wet, providing consistent warmth across various weather conditions. *1 Based on Mizuno’s research. Thermal insulation properties were compared using 20x20cm samples with the KES Thermo Labor II in an environment of 20°C and 65% relative humidity. Test material: “Techfill Breath Thermo” cotton. Comparison material: Down (90% down, 650 fill power). *2 Uses “Techfill Breath Thermo” as filling material
“Mizuno APAC (Vietnam) LTD” is established
Kosaku Kishimoto receives recognition as “Contemporary Master Craftsman ” Kosaku Kishimoto, Mizuno Glove Meister, received the Contemporary Master Craftsman Award from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for 2024. This makes him the third person from Mizuno to receive this award.
Launch of “3D U-Fit,” industry-first walking shoes featuring 3D-printed custom soles Developed the first technology in the sports industry to design and manufacture personalized midsoles using 3D printers. The personal fitting shoes “3D U-Fit” utilizing this technology became available for order in April 2025. This represents a completely different approach from conventional shoe making, offering a new order system designed to address the concerns of those who have not been satisfied with ready-made products.
“Mizuno Corporation UK LTD. ” is established
Exploration of the old Yodoyabashi shop of Mizuno
The old Yodoyabashi shop of Mizuno had been the symbol of Rihachi Mizuno’s management ideology for nearly 100 years as sports culture has been developing. However, due to the Yodoyabashi Station west ward type 1 urban redevelopment project, the shop was closed on June 30, 2021. Let’s explore the old Yodoyabashi shop of Mizuno, which had to be sadly closed.
Swimming Sale
SPORT
Artificial Grass (AG)
Custom Volleyball Uniforms
Molded Cleats
Custom Golf Fitting
Wedges
Men's Training Shoes
Bottoms
Gloves
Turf/All Surface (AS)
Carry Bags
Ladies
Spandex
Pickleball Shoes
Find Demo Events
Tour Bags
Racquet Sports Sale
Golf Sale
Soccer Sale
Left hand
Dresses & Skirts
Tennis Shoes
Drivers
Shop By Sport
Custom Softball Gloves
Categories
Blog Archive
Featured Post
Float in the Sky: Introducing the Wave Sky 9
Soften the Impact. Amplify Your Run. Mizuno is proud to introduce the Wave Sky 9, our most cushioned, plush, and smooth daily trainer to date. With this newest release, we invite runners to discover a float-like ride that elevates both performance and comfort. Built to Cushion. Engineered to Glide. The Wave Sky 9 was crafted for runners who crave …
Glide Into the Next Era of Smooth: Introducing the Wave Rider 29
A new era of Cruise running is here. The Wave Rider 29—the latest evolution of Mizuno’s most trusted daily trainer—has officially landed. Built for smoothness, reliability, and day-in, day-out performance, the Wave Rider 29 blends the timeless DNA of our franchise model with bold, forward-thinking updates for a truly modern ride. This isn’t just an update—it’s the smoothest Wave Rider …
TRADITION MEETS MODERNITY: AS MONACO NEW HOME KIT FOR 2025/26 SEASON
Mizuno and AS Monaco are proud to unveil the new home jersey for the 2025/26 season – a design where timeless heritage meets bold innovation. A TRIBUTE TO A LEGACY OF ELEGANCE This first-ever home kit born from the collaboration between Mizuno and the club from the Principality pays homage to over a century of sporting excellence and …
Smooth just got swifter.
Introducing the all-new Mizuno Neo Vista 2—engineered for effortless transitions, energy return that keeps you going, and a supertrainer experience unlike anything else on the road. With this second generation, Mizuno took the foundation of the Neo Vista and elevated it in every way. The shoe features our nitrogen-infused MIZUNO ENERZY NXT foam for maximum cushioning, responsive feel, and long-lasting …
Test 1
Test 2
Test 3
Test 4
Custom Options
Sports Bra
Custom Baseball Uniforms
Caps
