Products
Sitemap
Our mission at On is to ignite the human spirit through movement. Inspired by athletes. Powered by Swiss engineering. Move with us, and Dream On.
Learn more
Sign up now
Stay in the loop, with exclusive offers and product previews.
Thank you for subscribing. Please check your inbox for the latest news.
Sorry, there was a problem with your subscription. Please try again.
By continuing, you accept our privacy policy. Your personal data will be passed on to On AG so we can contact you about our products and send you surveys via e-mail. Data processing and the statistical analysis of the data will be carried out by our service provider, Sailthru (USA). You can unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link in each e-mail. Please visit the On Group Privacy Notice for more information.
Select your shipping location and language
© On 2025
Privacy Preference Settings
These technologies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these technologies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These technologies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These technologies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these technologies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These technologies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these technologies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these technologies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These technologies can forward data from our website to our advertising partners. They can be used by these companies to create a profile of your interests and to show you relevant advertisements on other websites. They do not store any direct personal information, but are based either on the unique identification of your browser / device or on pseudonymised identifiers. If you don't allow these technologies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
JavaScript is not available.
We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.
Help Center
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.
On Reports Results for the Second Quarter and Six-Month Period Ended June 30, 2025
Latest stories
On Announces NIL Deals with Collegiate Track Standouts Doris Lemngole, Marion Jepngetich, and Joy Naukot
On strengthens its collegiate roster, partnering with three of the NCAA’s most exciting distance runners
Sierre-Zinal Podium Sweep Headlines a Strong Weekend for On Athletes
On Trail Runners Dominate Sierre-Zinal as Trippas Sets Australian Record and Waugh and Geens Medal at the T100 in London
Ben Shelton Wins First Masters 1000 Title in Toronto
He becomes the youngest American ATP Masters 1000 Champion in two decades
On and Zendaya Present Be Every You: A Campaign Exploring Duality in Motion and Style
Swiss sportswear brand On and Zendaya introduce a bold visual story that celebrates contrasts — inviting you to bring all your sides along for the ride.
On Signs Top Collegiate Track & Field Stars to Professional Contracts
From Collegiate Stars to Pro Track & Field: On Welcomes Six NCAA Standouts
Bella Pasquali turns Professional and Signs with On
The Australian talent is the latest addition to the On roster
On Athletes Secure 28 Podiums and 12 National Titles Across the World
From Photo-Finishes to Record-Breakers: On Athletes Celebrate Success at National Championships Across the Globe
FW25 Cloudsurfer Max
FW25 Cloudsurfer Max Product Tech Sheet
On Launches the Next Chapter of Soft Wins with World Champion Runner Hellen Obiri to Lead a Softer Approach to Performance
Swiss sportswear brand On and world-class athlete Hellen Obiri challenge traditional toughness in running with Soft Wins, spotlighting softness as a strategy for resilience, recovery, and going the distance - alongside the launch of the Cloudsurfer Max.
Katie Schide Dominates Hardrock 100, Sets All-Time Best
Germain Grangier finishes in third at Hardrock, while Julie Derron wins her first full-distance Ironman Race
Iga Świątek Wins First Wimbledon Title
399 Days after her last title, Świątek lifts the Trophy in London
Get updates in your mailbox
By clicking " Subscribe " I confirm I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy .
About On
www.on.com
Contact
On AG Förrlibuckstrasse 190 8005 Zurich | CH
press@on.com
Investor Information
On was born in the Swiss Alps in 2010 with the mission to ignite the human spirit through movement – a mission that still guides the brand today. Fifteen years after market launch, On delivers industry-disrupting innovation in premium footwear, apparel and accessories for high-performance running, outdoor, training, all-day activities and tennis. On’s award-winning CloudTec® innovation, purposeful design and groundbreaking strides within the circular economy have attracted a fast-growing global fan base – inspiring humans to explore, discover and Dream On.
Our mission
At On, we don't believe it's the human body that determines whether you cross the finish line, reach the peak or dare to dream the big idea – it's the human spirit. Our innovations and actions are shaped by our mission: to ignite the human spirit through movement.
Fast Facts
countries of presence
nationalities represented at On
of materials used in top-selling styles in 2023 are from recycled or renewable sources
the year On was founded
products sold to date
of leaders are women
Featured Events
News
Email Sign Up
To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
At On Ag (On Inc.), we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to On Ag (On Inc.) to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
Shops close to you
Loading...
Get the full range of On in our secure online shop. Getting the right size is easy. We offer free delivery and returns.
Buy directly from our online shop 24/7
Book an appointment
Please correct the fields marked in red.
Top Sports
On
Welcome to the On Club. We believe the power of movement can ignite the human spirit. #DreamOn
Upcoming Club Event
Sign up to see these details and more
Club Posts
Sign Up for Free. Track your progress and reach goals. Join 100 million active people on Strava.
See More from On
Find motivation and track your own activities. Join 100 million+ people on Strava.
Welcome to On
We're a global sportswear brand defined by innovation. Like to carve your own path? Us too. We're here to challenge the status quo.
Our mission is to ignite the human spirit through movement.
Call it the mind-body connection: we believe movement unlocks potential. It fuels energy and passion. Enables progress. Beats personal bests. Defies limits. That’s what we strive for – through the products we make, the communities we‘re building and the stories we tell.
Olivier
Co-founder
Our Spirits are our values
They define On’s culture – who we are, what we do and how we do it. These are the principles that guide us and the actions we celebrate. We wouldn't be us without them.
Maybe it is the athlete in us, but we love a good stat:
The On story.
A start-up from Switzerland is challenging global giants.
From making shoes that 'run on clouds'...
...to launching shoes that can't be owned with our revolutionary Cyclon™ subscription.
In 2016 we started exploring the world of apparel, finding new ways to inspire people to move.
And now we're moving over 7 million athletes.
You might know a few of them...
We're always looking for that next innovation. With technologies like RunScan helping shape the future of retail.
We're a team of explorers and dreamers, finding new ways to do things.
From building shoes from carbon emissions, to making time for movement during work hours.
Because we’re as passionate about our people and products as we are about our planet.
Now we're looking for new teammates to join our journey.
Could our next chapter start with you?
Journal
A more human way of leading
Leadership
Upgrading the athlete experience with a custom app
Tech CX/UX
How our team’s love of the trail built the Cloudultra Pro
Spirits Inspiration
Tips on navigating change with Nicola Spirig
Inspiration Leadership
Join us
On is made of people committed to creating a place where everyone can thrive, have an impact and be celebrated for who they are.
Help & support
