Sale
We’ve added more past-season styles to our summer sale. Up to 40% off. Find what you need to feel good out there.
Shop Now
Free Shipping on Orders Over $99
Orders are shipped within 1-2 business days and arrive within 3-10 business days. Need it sooner? Concerned about the environmental impact? Flexible shipping options are available.
More Details
Earth Is Now Our Only Shareholder
If we have any hope of a thriving planet—much less a business—it is going to take all of us doing what we can with the resources we have. This is what we can do.
Read Yvon’s Letter
Text ‘ACT’ to 71333
Don’t worry, we'll only contact you about activism here. Text HELP for help. Text STOP to cancel. Message and data rates may apply.
Log in
Account
English
Snow Stories
Solving for Z explores IFMGA guide and father Zahan Billimoria’s relationship to the intoxicating highs and crushing blows of big mountain skiing.
Our stories are written in the tracks we leave.
Peak of Evil
A stubbornly Scottish snow film.
A Backcountry Exploration
Photographic time travel with longtime Patagonia contributor Gary Bigham.
A hoof-and-human-powered ski film from Aotearoa New Zealand.
In Southeast Alaska, a Native skier searches for something deeper than powder on her homelands.
Friendship among the whitebark.
A band of mountain friends learns that when they give attention to what they see, trust and confidence can follow graciously.
Folkeaksjonen is taking action against petroleum exploration in the Norwegian Sea.
Following the impacts of snow sports through the mountains of Italy.
One woman’s against-all-odds journey to save a beautiful piece of a stolen future.
Reciprocal learning while exploring traditional Indigenous territories in British Columbia.
Niseko’s Akio Shinya on avalanches, kayak expeditions and rules to live by.
The case for readopting Indigenous fire management practices.
The industrious truth of British Columbia’s forgotten forests.
An ode to Larix lyallii .
A firekeeper caring for Indigenous land.
Coal built this ski town. Can the locals keep skiing without it?
The mountain-biking star of Becoming Ruby seeks out some of skiing's most powerful females.
Snowboarder Alex Yoder takes a Regenerative Organic approach to his new coffee business by thinking like an astronaut.
How Zahan Billimoria recalibrated after unthinkable tragedy.
A skiing family’s shear joy.
Marie-France Roy on speaking up for our home planet.
As communities evolve, so do their guiding beliefs.
Natasha Woodworth, the designer behind Patagonia’s new backcountry ski touring kits, approaches skiing and technical design with the same understated competence.
Observations of unraveling ecosystems from the snow-lovers of Sitka, Alaska.
Snow lovers and professional athletes are mobilizing to elect climate leaders.
An eclectic band of Argentine locals cultivates a grassroots backcountry ski community in one of the world’s most unforgiving mountain ranges.
For three women of color in Wyoming, going into the mountains isn’t about representation—it’s about reclaiming their power, together.
A French ski patroller’s move to become a permaculture farmer.
After years of dreaming, Nick Russell and Christian Pondella complete a clean descent on Mount Morrison in the Eastern Sierra.
After surviving calamity in British Columbia’s Coast Mountains, a few skiers return to COVID-19.
Changing our dynamics with the mountains can help us be in them longer, and appreciate them more.
We guarantee everything we make.
We take responsibility for our impact.
We support grassroots activism.
We keep your gear going.
We give our profits to the planet.
Newsletter Signup
Sign up for exclusive offers, original stories, activism awareness, events and more.
You have been successfully subscribed.
Need Help?
If you are using a screen reader and having difficulty please call us at 1-800-638-6464
Do Not Sell or Share My Data
More Info
Find a Store Change
Capilene® Cool Tech Tees
Capilene® Cool Daily
Versatile with quick-drying performance.
Capilene® Cool Trail
Cotton-like feel with technical performance.
Capilene® Cool Lightweight
Fast drying for high exertion.
Capilene® Cool Merino
Naturally cooling and odor resistant.
W's Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt - Lands
M's Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt - Lands
W's Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
M's Capilene® Cool Lightweight Shirt
M's Capilene® Cool Trail Shirt
M's Capilene® Cool Merino Blend Shirt
M's Capilene® Cool Daily Hoody
W's Capilene® Cool Lightweight Shirt
W's Capilene® Cool Trail Shirt
W's Capilene® Cool Merino Blend Shirt
M's Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
M's Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt
W's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
M's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt
M's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
W's Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt
M's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Trail Shirt
M's Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Hoody
W's Capilene® Cool Daily Hoody
W's Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Hoody
M's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt - Lands
W's Capilene® Cool Daily Tank
W's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt - Waters
W's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt
W's Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt - Waters
M's Capilene® Cool Trail Bike Henley
M's Capilene® Cool Merino Blend Graphic Shirt
M's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Merino Blend Shirt
M's Sleeveless Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
M's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt - Waters
W's Capilene® Cool Trail Tank
M's Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt - Waters
M's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Lightweight Shirt
W's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Merino Blend Shirt
W's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt - Lands
W's Capilene® Cool Trail Cropped Tank
Men's Clothing
Men’s Sale
Men’s Rainwear
Men’s Tech Tees
Technical Packs & Backpacks
M's Nano Puff® Jacket
M's Torrentshell 3L Rain Jacket
M's Nano Puff® Vest
M's Better Sweater® Jacket
M's Baggies™ Shorts - 5"
M's Down Sweater™
M's Go-To Shirt
M's Better Sweater® 1/4-Zip
M's Better Sweater® Vest
M's R1® Air Zip-Neck
M's Swiftcurrent® Expedition Zip-Front Waders
M's Back Step Shirt
M's Down Sweater™ Hoody
M's Lightweight Synchilla® Snap-T® Pullover
M's Nano Puff® Hoody
M's Boulder Fork Rain Jacket
M's R1® Air Full-Zip Hoody
M's Classic Retro-X® Jacket
M's Triolet Jacket
M's Baggies™ Longs - 7"
M's Multi Trails Shorts - 8"
M's Tropic Comfort Natural Hoody
M's Transit Traveler Polo
M's Lightweight All-Wear Hemp Shorts - 6"
M's Granite Crest Rain Jacket
M's Lightweight All-Wear Hemp Shorts - 8"
M's Diamond Quilted Bomber Hoody
Funhoggers® Anorak
M's R1® Thermal Jacket
M's Swiftcurrent® Traverse Zip-Front Waders
All Stories
What can we learn from nature when we pause to look and listen? In this episode, writer and American Sign Language interpreter Justin Maurer shares how being an interpreter for his deaf mom led to forming a punk band, presenting at the Oscars and seeking out one of the quietest places in the world. We also interview Nancy Bockino, a forest ecologist and avalanche professional, who is working to restore an entire ecosystem by saving the whitebark pine. At the Patagonia Archives, longtime Patagonia employees explain how Yvon Chouinard’s worn-out Craghopper Shorts became the seed for Patagonia clothing. Tune in for a new episode of Patagonia Stories wherever you get your podcasts. To learn more, watch “Silence Isn’t Silent” and read “One for the Grove.”
Collaboration is central to the natural world—in more ways than we might imagine. By studying interactions between plants, animals and insects, we can emulate those connections to build our own systems of community knowledge. Join us for Patagonia Stories wherever you get your podcasts. For more on these stories, read "Sweet in Tooth and Claw" and read "The Klabona Keepers".
The natural world contains wonders and wisdom that should be accessible to everyone. But what barriers prevent us from acquiring that knowledge? In this episode, we speak with Kiko and Kyra Sweeney from the story “Running the Coast” about why their family emphasized running despite disability. Then we turn to a conversation with reporter Sofía Arredondo about the legendary Mexican climber Raúl Revilla Quiroz, and his impact upon the future generations of climbers. These are stories of people who are claiming their access to outdoor spaces and working to make them more accessible for all. Join us for Patagonia Stories wherever you get your podcasts. For more on these stories, read “Running the Coast” and watch “The Maestro.”
We turn to art to experience the universal truths of being human, to express the feelings within us, and to better understand our world. This week, Kentucky musicians The Local Honeys help us understand Appalachian coal country and the miners there who are seeking a new way of living. We’ll also hear Cameron Keller Scott speak about his poem “A River’s Own Name” and how he hopes to deepen people’s experience of the natural world through poetry.
As we prepare for an uncertain future, what do we need to know to establish a deeper connection to the landscape and our communities? In this episode, we hear how Cheyenne River Sioux member Christopher White Eagle reconnected Native kids to their heritage by recruiting them to participate in a traditional buffalo hunt on the plains of South Dakota. We also hear from reporter Joel Caldwell as he visits Ecosystem Restoration Camps in California to learn about the movement of people working to rewild degraded landscapes. Join us for Patagonia Stories wherever you get your podcasts. For more on these stories, read “Restoring Paradise” and watch “The Hunt.”
Which lessons passed down through generations help us feel at home, both mentally and physically, in our natural environments? In this episode, we explore the power of mentorship through our conversation with queer climbers Lor Sabourin and Madaleine Sorkin. We also hear from three generations of women from the Salish Sea who are fighting against the Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion to help save Southern Resident orcas. Join us for Patagonia Stories wherever you get your podcasts. For more on these stories, read “Queering Climb Mentorship” and watch “We Are the Water.”
Shop Patagonia Provisions Beer
Free Shipping on Orders $85+
Read Our Impact Report
We're in business to save our home planet.™
We give back 1% to the Earth
No Fillers. All Fuel.
Bison Sticks: Better Than A Bar
Why is a clothing company making food?
Industrial agriculture depletes soil, poisons water and threatens the outdoor places we love. Protecting the earth, and our future on it, means we need to find a better way. So we make foods that restore the planet instead of destroying it. As our founder Yvon Chouinard says, "People buy a jacket every few years, but they eat several times a day. If we're going to save our home planet, it starts with food."
Best Sellers
Out Of Stock!
Portable Protein Pack
Regular price $116.10 $129.00 Unit price / per
Original Bison Sticks
$48.00 Unit price / per
Ranch Bison Sticks
Jalapeño Bison Sticks
Sardines in Olive Oil
$9.00 Unit price / per
Sardines & Beans: Black Beans, Corn and Salsa
$8.00 Unit price / per
Organic Multiseed Crackers
Regular price $5.00 $6.00 Unit price / per
Sardines in Coconut Curry Sauce
Lemon Olive Spanish White Anchovies
Smoked Mussels
Organic Fusilli Pasta
What is quality Food?
Cook with Provisions
Having people over is fun. Getting stuck in the kitchen is not. We aim for big flavor payoffs in a short amount of time.
Subscribe to our newsletter & get 15% off your first purchase
Our Impact
Films
Subscribe to get notified about our new foods, restocked favorites, seasonal recipes, exclusive offers and more.
Copyright © 2023, Patagonia Provisions.
Register to receive a notification when this item comes back in stock.
Cart (0)
Loading...
Subtotal
$0 USD
Shipping
Calculated at checkout
Trade In has moved to Patagonia.com. Get credit for your eligible used gear here .
Patagonia Provisions
Patagonia Action Works
The Cleanest Line
Subscribe
Patagonia Careers
People. Planet. Purpose.
At Patagonia
What We Do | Stories From the Team
One Team - Many Places
Benefits? Yep, we've got 'em.
Built With Purpose
Volunteer Your Skills for Action
Baggies™ Shorts
We’ve made Baggies™ shorts pretty much the same since 1982 because they last a long time and you can wear them for just about anything. As classic as they’ve always been, most of today’s Baggies feature durable, lightweight 100% recycled nylon.
W's Barely Baggies™ Shorts - 2½"
Kids' Baggies™ Shorts 5" - Lined
M's Baggies™ Naturals
W's Baggies™ Shorts - 5"
Baby Baggies™ Shorts
M's Baggies™ Lights - 6"
W's Baggies™ Longs
Kids' Baggies™ Shorts 7" - Lined
Baby Baggies™ Jacket
Kids' Baggies™ Jacket
Kids' Baggies™ Shorts 4" - Unlined
Baby Funhoggers® Shorts
Kids' Costa Rica Baggies™ Shorts 3" - Unlined
Patagonia Stories View All
Earth is now our only shareholder.
One runner’s attempt to link his hometown skyline becomes something much greater.
Obsession, struggle, endurance: facing demons of the past and finding redemption on the trail.
Education through risk, consequence and building the skills to live simply.
Two photographers set out on a 10-day road trip in search of connection, community and a whole bunch of singletrack.
How Tommy Caldwell is reshaping his love for rock climbing by building relationships with Indigenous stewards of Bears Ears.
For routes like Crown Royale, a lot of what goes into putting them up is falling down.
Men’s and women’s Baggies™ shorts are an outdoor staple. Made from durable, lightweight, quick-dry recycled nylon, they have a casual shorts style that keeps you moving freely on land and in water.
Our Footprint Stories
Patagonia’s quality rating system is designed with ecological footprint in mind. Here’s why.
Introducing Home Planet Fund, an independent nonprofit that supports local and Indigenous communities who work in concert with nature to stop climate breakdown.
Welcome to the age of cheap crap.
Since we first learned of the role we play in the spread of microfiber pollution in 2015, Patagonia has actively searched for partners to help end—or at least seriously curtail—the spread of synthetic fiber waste into the air and water. We’ve long been familiar with the microplastics problem—the breakdown of plastic bottles, yogurt cups and…
Trying to address the climate crisis without the ocean will not work.
The virtue of sniffing scat.
Perfluorinated chemicals, or PFAS, made for great waterproofing but are also a lasting, pervasive threat to our health. That’s why we spent nearly 15 years finding a way to make our gear without them that didn't compromise performance. For Spring 2025 and beyond, all our new styles are made without intentionally added PFAS.
Why a symbol of Indian self-reliance is vital again.
The South Pacific has a plastic problem. He had a truck.
Protecting the ocean is what friends are for.
What’s the secret to a really good pair of jeans? Comics journalist Sarah Mirk tells us what to look for and how to keep them in play longer.
When it comes to making more responsible jeans, our work is never done. And, of course, we leave the really dirty work to you.
The dos and don’ts of donating your used clothes.
Tough and uncertain, organic cotton farming accounts for less than 1 percent of US cotton production. For this family, that’s why it’s a calling.
The story of our switch to organic cotton starts with a bout of headaches and a trip to the lunar landscape of the San Joaquin Valley’s conventional cotton fields.
Patagonia’s journey toward zero waste and reduced carbon emissions, failed experiments included.
Why we rely on lab tests and data more than ever to make decisions about our products.
What was once a nuisance—overselling environmental gains—now conceals the apparel industry’s role in the climate crisis.
How discarded plastic fishing nets found their way into our hat brims.
This is the story of how Bureo locked arms with Patagonia to keep 71,000 pounds of discarded fishing net waste out of the ocean each year by putting it into our hat brims. Introducing the traceable, 100% recycled NetPlus®.
Donald Sanderson launched the country’s first mandatory curbside recycling program in Woodbury, New Jersey, in 1980. The recycling landscape has since changed. A lot. Is it still worthwhile?
This is a test to grow our clothes differently.
Can a cotton T-shirt really help stop the climate crisis?
Why recycled? is a short video that looks at the current global challenges facing the recycling system and why Patagonia is switching to 100% renewable and recycled materials. Through interviews with material designers and industrial ecologists, this film urges us to question our own consumption habits and look at the impact the clothing industry has on people and the planet.
She went to Italy to see how recycled wool is made and discovered that everything has an impact, including recycled.
Our home planet has a deeply disturbing and pervasive problem with plastics. In April, a group of researchers studying the deepest part of the ocean—the Mariana Trench—discovered plastic bags and candy wrappers floating nearly seven miles below the surface of the Pacific Ocean. Globally, about 450 million metric tons of plastic are produced every year and 9.5 million tons of…
Natural. Misunderstood. Legal.
It’s hard not to notice the hype around hemp today. Pick up any lifestyle magazine, enter a pharmacy, talk to a health-food store employee or just the person next to you in yoga class—at some point you’ll learn about its miraculous powers. In particular, near-unbelievable claims swirl around cannabidiol, or CBD, oil derived from hemp:…
Yvon Chouinard shares how our company continues to do what it can to defend the soil, air and water we all depend on—and to confront the greatest threat to our welfare we’ve ever faced.
Together with industry partners, Patagonia commissioned Ocean Wise’s Plastic Lab to investigate microfibers, the tiny textile particles that shed from garments over their lifetime. The scientists at the Plastic Lab have just completed the first phase of this research project, so we asked them for an update. While plastic debris in the ocean has rightfully…
Behind everything we make is the hard work of a human being—from growing raw materials and weaving fabric to cutting and sewing the finished product. Yet those who work in garment factories—and, globally, more than 60 million people do—have historically been subject to substandard working conditions and unable to report those issues. That’s why, in…
This article was first published in 2018. For the most recent information about our participation in the Responsible Wool Standard, visit Our Footprint. In 2015, we made the conscious decision to put a pause on our wool sourcing “until we can assure our customers of a verifiable process that ensures the humane treatment of animals.”…
Looking back on the USDA meeting in Jacksonville, I am left with anger, grief and a sense of urgency that we keep moving forward. The meeting of the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) was an historical turning point for the National Organic Program (NOP). It was a watershed moment. “All of the organic philosophy is…
We started developing our social responsibility program in the mid-1990s, working side by side with factory partners. In 2001, we became a founding member of the Fair Labor Association, a nonprofit that works to improve working conditions worldwide. With over a decade of close focus on our cut-and-sew factories, in 2011, we moved one link…
For almost 20 years since the “organic” certification first passed, there has been a debate surrounding growing methods. Some foods are grown in soil, and others are grown hydroponically in large buildings and under lights. There is a reason for both growing methods, but it is important that they be labeled differently. Since the 1920s…
Working closely with Rodale Institute, Dr. Bronner’s and other key allies, we created Regenerative Organic Certification to establish a new, high bar for regenerative organic agriculture. The certification is the result of a lively and cooperative effort among a coalition of change-makers, brands, farmers, ranchers, nonprofits and scientists, all with a clear goal: to pave…
Everything we make has an impact on the planet.
Materials and Environmental Programs
We’ve built robust environmental and animal welfare responsibility programs to guide how we make our materials and products.
Social Responsibility Programs
What we’re doing to ensure that our products are produced under safe, fair, legal and humane working conditions.
Where We Do Business
We share information about our owned facilities and our suppliers across the supply chain, so you know where and how the clothes you buy are made.
From Spring 2025 and onward, 100% of our new styles are made without intentionally added PFAS.
More than 90% of the products in our line are made in a Fair Trade Certified™ factory. 85,000+ workers benefit from Patagonia’s participation in the Fair Trade program.
100% of the virgin down we source is traceable from parent farm to final fiber processing facility.
Preferred materials, including recycled inputs, make up 86% of our Fall 2025 line by weight—and are used across 99% of our products.
Why Plastics?
The clothing industry has a plastic problem. To create change, it's going to take action at all levels.
Why Recycled?
Extracting and processing virgin materials accelerates the climate crisis. We’re moving toward 100% renewable and recycled raw materials.
Why Fair Trade?
Joining the Fair Trade movement is the first step on the path toward ensuring living wages in our supply chain.
Supply Chain Stories
The Climate Crisis Is Our Business
To radically reduce carbon emissions, Patagonia is transforming how we make our products. Our answer to climate change is systems change.
Product Care & Repair
Repair Videos
DIY Repair Guides
Product Care 101
Worn Wear Stories
Gear for a Good Time and a Long Time
Worn Wear® is used Patagonia gear with more life to live. Find technical staples, old-school prints and everyday essentials in our just-restocked collection.
New Arrivals
Available Sizes
Can't find your size? Visit patagonia.com for new gear in all sizes and color.
Fleck Blue
El Nino Camo: Carbon
Feather Grey
Graze Green
Paisley Peach
Neo Tropics Lite: El Cap Khaki
Classic Navy
White (Bright)
Your gear deserves credit.
Don’t get hung up on gear that’s sitting idle in your closet. We’ll buy back your eligible pre-loved Patagonia gear and help it find a new home—not the landfill.
Worn Wear® allows you to trade in and buy used Patagonia® gear.
85% of clothing ends up in landfills or gets incinerated.* One of the best things we can do for the planet is keep stuff in use longer and reduce our overall consumption. That means buying less, repairing more and trading in gear when you no longer need it.
*Annual rate in the US, Environmental Protection Agency, 2018
Discover our new arrivals for fall—durable, high-performance outdoor gear made to embrace the dirt and built to move with you.
Women's New Arrivals
Men's New Arrivals
Kids' & Baby New Arrivals
Packs & Gear New Arrivals
M's R1® Air Jacket
Black Hole® Micro MLC® 22L
M's Long-Sleeved Long Way 'Round Organic T-Shirt
W's Nano Puff® Jacket
W's Long Way 'Round Oversized Organic T-Shirt
W's Shop Sticker Uprisal Sweatpants
Terravia Sacoche 3L
Black Hole® Duffel 55L
M's Strataspire Responsibili-Tee®
W's Long-Sleeved Mariner Top
W's Long-Sleeved Rugby Shirt
W's Classic Retro-X® Jacket
W's Nano Puff® Hoody
Black Hole® MLC® Wheelie 34L
M's Hi-Loft Nano Puff® Hoody
W's R1® Air Jacket
M's Reclaimed Fleece Cardigan
W's Lunar Dusk Hoody
Baby Cozy Fluff Jacket
M's Isthmus Deck Jacket
M's Retro-X® Hoody Jacket
M's R1® Air Vest
W's Point Reyes Canvas Coat
W's Diamond Quilted Parka
M's Classic Retro-X® Vest
Atom Daypack 24L
Kids' Cozy Fluff Jacket
Baby Retro-X® Vest
Kids' Reversible Ready Freddy Vest
M's Point Reyes Canvas Gi Pants
W's R1® Air Vest
M's Shop Sticker Uprisal Sweatpants
W's Point Reyes Canvas Wide-Leg Pants
How We Fund
We support innovative work that addresses the root causes of the environmental crisis and seeks to protect both the environment and affected communities. We focus on places where we’ve built connections through outdoor recreation and through our network of retail stores, nationally and internationally.
We believe local battles—campaigns to protect a specific stand of forest, a stretch of river, a native wild species or a community suffering from pollution—build public support and confront larger, more complex issues like climate change, loss of biodiversity and environmental justice.
We encourage work that brings historically marginalized communities to the forefront of the environmental movement and defends communities whose health and livelihoods are threatened by environmental exploitation.
We support multipronged campaigns that push for greater environmental protections and force the government to abide by its own laws.
We fund work that:
builds an equitable, inclusive and diverse environmental movement
confronts systemic bias, discrimination and injustice in environmental policy or outdoor spaces
is action-oriented
focuses on root causes
has a clear strategy
identifies specific goals and objectives that can be effectively measured to evaluate success
builds public involvement and civic engagement
is done by organizations with 501(c)(3) public charity status or a comparable fiscal sponsor (for US applicants)
takes place within the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Czechia, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States
We do not fund:
organizations that perpetuate systemic biases and discrimination based on ethnicity, race, religion, color, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship or veteran or disability status
trail creation, maintenance or restoration
any dam renovations, human-assisted fish passage infrastructure or hatchery programs
conservation easements or land acquisition
research, unless it is in direct support of a developed plan for specific action to alleviate an environmental problem
work that is solely focused on environmental education
environmental conferences, event sponsorships or film festivals
endowment funds
political campaigns
bike advocacy, unless the project is in direct support of a climate change solution
Our funding focuses on organizations that have or can create a strong base of support. Because we’re a privately held company, we have the freedom to fund risk-taking, off-the-beaten-track groups, and that’s where we believe our small grants are most effective.
We accept one proposal per group in a given fiscal year (May 1–April 30) , with deadlines varying from program to program. Our typical grant size also varies from program to program, but generally ranges between $5,000 and $20,000.
Please refer to each of our specific grants program guidelines below for the most relevant and updated information.
For projects based outside of the US and Canada
For non-local or national projects within US and Canada
For projects based in the communities of our retail stores and wholesale dealers
Climbing Clothing
Our durable, high-performance rock and alpine climbing clothing can stay in rotation season after season.
Men’s Climbing
Women’s Climbing
Climbing Packs
W's R1® Pullover Hoody
Ascensionist Pack 35L
M's Clean Climb Roots Responsibili-Tee®
W's Caliza Rock Pants - Regular
M's Houdini® Jacket
W's M10® Storm Jacket
W's R1® Pullover
M's Micro Puff® Hoody
Training for the New Alpinism: A Manual for the Climber as Athlete by Steve House and Scott Johnston (Patagonia published paperback book)
M's M10® Storm Jacket
W's Maipo Tank
W's Maipo Low-Impact Adjustable Bra
W's Micro Puff® Jacket
M's R1® Pullover
M's Micro Puff® Jacket
M's Nano-Air® Ultralight Pullover
M's R1® Pullover Hoody
M's Hampi Rock Pants - Regular
Some Favorites
Latest Stories
Latest Films
Activism Stories
Stories by Topic
Terms of Use
Effective Date: July 9, 2019
IMPORTANT – THESE TERMS OF USE ARE A LEGAL AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) BETWEEN EACH END USER (referenced herein as “You” or with “Your”) AND PATAGONIA, INC. (referenced herein as “Patagonia”) THAT APPLIES EACH TIME YOU USE OR ACCESS THE PATAGONIA ACTION WORKS WEBSITE LOCATED AT https://www.patagonia.com/actionworks (INCLUDING ANY MOBILE VERSION(S) OR ASSOCIATED PATAGONIA-CONTROLLED SOCIAL MEDIA PAGE(S)) (referenced collectively herein as the “Site”). PATAGONIA IS WILLING TO ALLOW ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE AND PROVIDE ITS RELATED INFORMATION, SERVICES, SOFTWARE FUNCTIONALITY, OR MATERIALS ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT GRANTED PERMISSION TO ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE AND ARE INSTRUCTED TO EXIT IMMEDIATELY.
Patagonia’s copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Site is Patagonia’s general counsel, who can be reached as follows:
Patagonia, Inc.
Attn.: General Counsel
259 W. Santa Clara Street
Ventura, CA 93001
E-mail: privacyandterms@patagonia.com .
Counter notification, as permitted by applicable law and, in particular, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, may be sent to Patagonia’s Copyright Agent. All counter notifications must include responsive information to what is set forth above, including any required statements or signatures.
Feedback & Submissions. Patagonia welcomes Your feedback and suggestions about Patagonia’s programs or services or with respect to how to improve the Site. By transmitting any such suggestions, information, material, or other content (collectively, “Feedback”) to Patagonia, You represent and warrant that such Feedback does not infringe or violate the intellectual property or proprietary rights of any third party (including, without limitation, patents, copyrights, or trademark rights) and that You have all rights necessary to convey to Patagonia and enable Patagonia to use such Feedback. In addition, any Feedback received through the Site will be deemed to include a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, nonexclusive right and license for Patagonia to adopt, publish, reproduce, disseminate, transmit, distribute, copy, use, create derivative works, and display (in whole or in part) worldwide, or act on such Feedback without additional approval or consideration, in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content, and You hereby waive any claim to the contrary.
Links to Other Websites or Networks. The Site may contain links, in its sole discretion, to other websites or networks for Your convenience in locating or accessing related information or social media network groups created by Grantees. These websites, and especially any social media network groups, are maintained by third parties over which Patagonia exercises no control. Patagonia expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content, the materials, the accuracy of the information, and/or the quality of the products or services provided by, available through, or advertised on these third-party websites. Moreover, these links do not imply an endorsement with respect to any third party or any website or the products or services provided by any third party. Please also note that other terms, conditions, and policies apply to other Patagonia websites.
Privacy Policy. Your use of the Site will constitute acknowledgement of Patagonia’s personal information collection and use practices. Please see Patagonia’s Privacy Policy for a summary of Patagonia’s personal identifying information collection and use practices before submitting any information.
Mobile Services. The Site may offer certain tools, handheld offerings, or services that are available to You via Your mobile phone or other mobile device (collectively, “Mobile Services”). Please note that Your mobile carrier’s normal messaging, data, and other rates and fees will apply to Your use of the Mobile Services. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by Your mobile carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. Therefore, You are responsible for checking with Your mobile carrier to determine if the Mobile Services are available for Your mobile devices, what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to Your use of the Mobile Services, and how much they will cost You. Nevertheless, all use of the Site shall be in accordance with this Agreement.
Proprietary Rights. The Site is owned by Patagonia. Copyright 2019 © Patagonia, Inc. and/or its licensors. All rights reserved. Any downloadable or printable information or materials available through the Site, unless otherwise indicated, are owned by Patagonia and/or its licensors. PATAGONIA, the Patagonia logo, and all other names, logos, and icons identifying Patagonia, the Site, or other solutions, products, and services are proprietary trademarks of Patagonia, and any use of such marks without the express written permission of Patagonia is strictly prohibited. Other organization, business, service, or product names mentioned herein may be the trademarks and/or service marks of their respective owners.
Disclaimer. PATAGONIA DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO, NOR DOES IT ENDORSE THE ACCURACY, ACCEPTABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, OR RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT, OR OTHER MATERIAL DISPLAYED, UPLOADED, OR DISTRIBUTED BY YOU OR POSTED OR DISPLAYED WITH RESPECT TO ANY GRANTEE. If You use the Site to connect with a Grantee, Your correspondence and/or ensuing relationship are solely between You and the Grantee. PATAGONIA WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, COST, DAMAGE OR OTHER LIABILITY OF ANY SORT INCUR INCURRED AS THE RESULT OF ANY SUCH DEALINGS, OR AS THE RESULT OF THE PRESENCE OF GRANTEES. YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY CLAIMS AGAINST PATAGONIA ARISING FROM OR IN RELATION TO YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH ANY GRANTEE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO 1) ANY INTERACTIONS, INCLUDING ANY DONATION(S), 2) PARTICIPATION IN ANY ACTIVITIES, OR 3) RECEIPT OF ANY SERVICES.
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE FUNCTIONALITY, AND MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND MAY INCLUDE ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES. PATAGONIA HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT OR ANY OTHER IMPLIED WARRANTY UNDER THE UNIFORM COMPUTER INFORMATION TRANSACTIONS ACT AS ENACTED BY ANY STATE. PATAGONIA ALSO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR IN A MANNER THAT WILL MEET YOUR PARTICULAR REQUIREMENTS AND/OR NEEDS.
Limitation of Liability. YOU EXPRESSLY ABSOLVE AND RELEASE PATAGONIA FROM ANY CLAIM OF HARM RESULTING FROM A CAUSE BEYOND PATAGONIA’S CONTROL INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RELIANCE ON CONTENT FROM GRANTEES OR YOUR CORRESPONDENCE, DONATION, PARTICIPATION IN EVENTS, OR ENSUING RELATIONSHIP WITH A GRANTEE. PATAGONIA SHALL ALSO NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR USE OF DONATIONS OR THE AMOUNT OF FUNDS RAISED FOR ANY GRANTEE’S CAMPAIGN OR EVENT. MOREOVER, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL PATAGONIA BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, LOSS OF DATA OR THE FAILURE TO STORE ANY INFORMATION OR FOR ANY INFORMATION AND MATERIALS AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF PATAGONIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ADDITION, TOTAL LIABILITY OF PATAGONIA FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER RELATED TO USE OF THIS SITE SHALL NOT EXCEED $500 (U.S.). You and Patagonia agree to only bring claims arising from this Agreement on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding. Unless You and Patagonia agree otherwise, more than one person’s or party’s claims may not be consolidated. You and Patagonia agree that relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) may be awarded only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party’s individual claim(s).
Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Patagonia and its affiliates, successors and assigns, and its directors, officers, employees, agents, co-branders or other partners from and against any and all allegations, claims, demands, actions, causes of action, proceedings (whether threatened or pending), orders, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and other legal expenses, and judgments of any kind or nature, incurred by Patagonia arising out of or relating to Your actions or omissions that constitute a violation of this Agreement.
Governing Law. This Agreement has been made in and will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California as applied to agreements entered into and completely performed in the State of California. You access the Site on Your own volition and are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws with respect to Your access and use of the Site. Additionally, Patagonia’s headquarters are located in the United States. Please be aware that information You provide to Patagonia, or that Patagonia obtains as a result of Your use of the Site, may be processed and transferred to the United States and be subject to United States law.
Disputes. Any dispute relating in any way to the Site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Ventura, California, United States of America, except that, to the extent You have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Patagonia’s intellectual property rights, Patagonia may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of California, United States of America, and You consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of JAMS/ENDISPUTE Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures in effect at the time of filing of the demand for arbitration. The parties specifically incorporate the terms of California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1283.05 with respect to discovery. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Enforcing Security on the Site. Patagonia wishes to keep the Site as a safe resource. You therefore may not use the Site to engage in, foster, or promote illegal, abusive, or irresponsible behavior, including, without limitation, accessing or using Patagonia data, systems, or networks in an unauthorized manner, attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of Patagonia systems or networks, circumventing any Patagonia security or authentication measures, monitoring Patagonia data or traffic, interfering with any Patagonia services, collecting or using from the Site email addresses, screen names, or other identifiers, collecting or using from the Site information, including any Posting without the consent of the owner or licensor, using any false, misleading, or deceptive TCP/IP packet header information, using the Site to distribute software or tools that gather information, distributing advertisements, or engaging in conduct that is likely to result in retaliation against Patagonia or its data, systems, or networks. In order to maintain security, You have no reasonable expectation of privacy while using the Site because Patagonia reserves the right to view, monitor, and/or record activity on the Site, including, without limitation, by archiving notices or communications sent by You through the Site. Patagonia also reserves the right at any time when warranted to suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site or any portion of the Site. Any information obtained by monitoring, reviewing, or recording is subject to review by law enforcement organizations in connection with investigation or prosecution of possible criminal or unlawful activity on the Site as well as to disclosures required by or under applicable law or related government agency actions. Patagonia will also comply with all court orders or subpoenas involving requests for such information. Actual or attempted unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution, including, without limitation, punishment under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 under U.S. federal law.
Injunctive Relief. You acknowledge that any breach, threatened or actual, of this Agreement, including, without limitation, with respect to unauthorized use of Patagonia proprietary assets, will cause irreparable injury to Patagonia, such injury would not be quantifiable in monetary damages, and Patagonia would not have an adequate remedy at law. You therefore agree that Patagonia shall be entitled, in addition to other available remedies, to seek and be awarded an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction restraining any breach, threatened or actual, of Your obligations under any provision of this Agreement. Accordingly, You hereby waive any requirement that Patagonia post any bond or other security in the event any injunctive or equitable relief is sought by or awarded to Patagonia to enforce any provision of this Agreement.
Term & Termination. This Agreement will take effect (or retake effect) at the moment You register, respond through the Site to a request for information, and/or begin downloading, accessing, or using the Site, whichever is earliest. Patagonia reserves the right at any time and on reasonable grounds, which shall include, without limitation, discontinuation of the Site, any reasonable belief of fraudulent or unlawful activity or actions or omissions that violate any term or condition of this Agreement, to deny Your access to the Site or to any portion thereof in order to protect its name and goodwill, its business, and/or others, and this Agreement will also terminate automatically if You fail to comply with its terms and conditions, subject to the survival rights of certain provisions identified below. Termination will be effective without prior notice. You may also terminate this Agreement at any time by ceasing to use the Site, but all applicable provisions of this Agreement will survive termination, as identified below, and each reaccess or use of the Site will reapply this Agreement (then in effect) to You. Upon termination, You must destroy all copies of any aspect of the Site in Your possession. The provisions concerning Patagonia’s proprietary rights, Feedback, disclaimers of warranty, limitations of liability, waiver and severability, entire agreement, injunctive relief, and governing law will survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.
Waiver & Severability. Failure to insist on strict performance of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of any subsequent default or failure of performance. If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and the liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most clearly matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in effect.
Entire Agreement. No joint venture, partnership, employment, affiliate, or agency relationship exists between You and Patagonia as a result of this Agreement or Your utilization of the Site. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between You and Patagonia with respect to use of the Site, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between You and Patagonia with respect to the Site. You may not assign or transfer any rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Patagonia. Please note that Patagonia reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this Agreement by posting a revised Agreement or mailing and/or e-mailing notice thereof to You. In addition, Patagonia may add, modify, or delete any aspect, program, or feature of the Site, but Patagonia is not under any obligation to add any upgrade, enhancement, or modification. Your continued use of the Site following any announced change will be conclusively deemed acceptance of any change to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Accordingly, please review this Agreement on a periodic basis.
Success!
Please choose your region.
Fly Fishing
Innovation Built on Exploration
The Next Generation of Swiftcurrent Waders
There’s nothing on earth like connecting with a wild fish. Chasing that feeling—and those fish—keeps us inspired and inspires our gear. It’s why we support and celebrate the tireless anglers and groups fighting to protect the wild fish and clean waters we love.
Gear for All Waters, All Seasons
River-tested essentials built to stay out.
Built to Connect
Dependable gear. Wild fish.
W's Swiftcurrent® Expedition Zip-Front Waders
W's Swiftcurrent® Traverse Waders
Swiftcurrent® Ultralight Waders
M's Swiftcurrent® Expedition Waders
W's Swiftcurrent® Waders
Forra Wading Boots
River Salt Wading Boots
Foot Tractor Wading Boots - Sticky Rubber
Foot Tractor Wading Boots - Aluminum Bar
Foot Tractor Wading Boots - Felt
Forra Wading Boots - Grip Studs® Traction Kit
Stud Kit
Foot Tractor Aluminum Bar Replacement Kit - Danner®
Brodeo Beanie
Yulex® Wading Socks with Gravel Guard
Fly Catcher Hat
Wading Support Belt
Yulex® Wading Socks
Secure Stretch Wading Belt
Homepool Mitt Gloves
Guidewater Sling 15L
Guidewater Backpack 29L
Guidewater Duffel 80L
Guidewater Hip Pack 9L
Disperser Roll-Top Pack 40L
Stealth Hip Pack 11L
Stealth Pack Vest
Stealth Convertible Vest
M's R2® TechFace Pullover
W's R2® CrossStrata Pullover
M's Nano Puff® Fitz Roy Trout Hoody
W's Nano Puff® Fitz Roy Trout Hoody
M's Swiftcurrent® Wading Jacket
W's Swiftcurrent® Wading Jacket
M's R1® TechFace Fitz Roy Trout Hoody
M's River Rambler Hybrid Sun Hoody
W's Swift Drift Sun Hoody
M's Short-Sleeved Self-Guided Sun Shirt
W's Tropic Comfort Natural Hoody
M's Early Rise Stretch Shirt
M's Long-Sleeved Early Rise Snap Shirt
W's Long-Sleeved Early Rise Shirt
M's R2® TechFace Pants
W's R2® CrossStrata Pants
M's Shelled Insulator Pants
M's R1® Pants
M's Sandy Cay Pants
W's Tropic Comfort Sun Tights
M's Sandy Cay Shorts
W's Tech Skort
M's R1® TechFace Hoody
W's R1® CrossStrata Jacket
M's R1® TechFace Jacket
W's R2® CrossStrata Jacket
M's R2® TechFace Jacket
M's R2® TechFace Hoody
W's R1® Thermal Full-Zip Hoody
M's Quandary Pants - Regular
M's Tropic Comfort Natural Crew
M's Terrebonne Joggers
W's Quandary Joggers
M's Quandary Pants - Short
Kids' Long-Sleeved Capilene® Silkweight T-Shirt
Fly Fishing Stories
Community
Gatherings On and Off the Water
When anglers gather for a river cleanup, a clinic or a film, it’s a good time that strengthens our community. Check out our Patagonia Fly Fishing Events page for a meetup, cleanup, festival or clinic near you.
Veiga Grétarsdóttir
Explorer and Environmentalist
Veiga is a self-funded activist working to protect Iceland from the disastrous effects of net-pen salmon farming.
Community Spotlight: Veiga Grétarsdóttir
In 2019, explorer and environmentalist Veiga Grétarsdóttir became the first person to paddle counterclockwise around Iceland by kayak. On her journey, she captured images of the open-net pen salmon-farming industry up close, and her photos helped inspire a movement to defend Iceland’s wild waters from this devastating ecological calamity. Veiga is a self-funded activist and has set up a Patreon page to share updates on her initiatives and conservation projects.
Photo: Veiga Grétarsdóttir navigates a pinch point on her sea-kayak circumnavigation of Iceland. VEIGA GRÉTARSDÓTTIR
Amy Bowers Cordalis
Cofounder of Ridges to Riffles
As former general counsel for the Yurok Tribe and cofounder of Ridges to Riffles Indigenous Conservation Group, Amy has been instrumental in the removal of the Klamath River dams.
Community Spotlight: Amy Bowers Cordalis
As general counsel for the Yurok Tribe and founder of the Indigenous conservation group Ridges to Riffles, Amy Bowers Cordalis has been instrumental in the removal of the Klamath River dams. To see her in action, watch Undammed —a film about the fight to free the Klamath River.
Salmon hold deep significance for the Yurok Tribe, whose ancestral lands border California’s Klamath River. In 2002, an ecological crisis caused by high water temperatures and dam-related disease led to the death of more than 65,000 adult Chinook salmon in the Klamath. At the time of the fish kill Amy Bowers Cordalis, a Yurok Tribal member, was working as a fish technician on the Klamath River. This pivotal event spurred Amy to pursue a career in law with the goal of preventing such disasters in the future.
Since then, Amy has committed herself to advocating for her community, particularly in the fight to remove the dams on the Klamath and restore the natural flow of the river. Having served as general counsel for the Yurok Tribe and as a staff attorney for the Native American Rights Fund, she now leads Ridges to Riffles Indigenous Conservation Group , an organization dedicated to empowering Indigenous communities in conserving and revitalizing their natural and cultural heritage. Thanks to her efforts, alongside many others, the Klamath River is currently undergoing the largest dam removal project in history.
Photos: (Top) Amy Bowers Cordalis at home in the waters of the Klamath. SHANE ANDERSON (Bottom) The time it took the machines to remove the Copco 2 Dam on the Klamath River pales compared to the time, people, and effort it took to make the removal happen. SWIFTWATER FILMS
Shane Anderson
Filmmaker
“I’m not just making a movie. I want the movie to influence some kind of policy change or perceptions that people may have.”
Community Spotlight: Shane Anderson
For more than a decade, documentary filmmaker Shane Anderson’s stories have captured the most critical issues facing wild, anadromous fish while shining a light on the people working to protect them. His first major film, “Wild Reverence,” brought attention to the decline of the Olympic Peninsula’s wild steelhead populations. More recently, “The Lost Salmon” chronicled the history of the most revered salmon, Spring Chinook, and the narrow opportunity to save the species. Despite crossing multiple watersheds and species, Shane’s stories resonate deeply within the angling community and have served as a spark for change.
“Education, inspiration and action are the three words I use to vet myself,” Shane says, “because I’m not just making a movie. I want the movie to influence some kind of policy change or perceptions that people may have.”
In recent years, Shane has devoted his time to documenting the fight to reconnect the Klamath River. His recent short film, Undammed: Amy Bowers Cordalis and the Fight to Free the Klamath , captures what is possible when dams are breached and celebrates a critical example of Indigenous-led conservation.
Shane’s work is supported by several organizations, including California Trout, which works to ensure healthy waters and wild fish in California and has long pushed to breach the Klamath dams.
Photo: It never gets old. Filmmaker Shane Anderson releases another beauty. JASON HARTWICK
Guy Alsentzer
Cofounder of Save Wild Trout
Wild trout populations in Montana’s Big Hole, Ruby and Beaverhead Rivers are in peril. Save Wild Trout is working toward solutions to restore and protect Montana’s fisheries.
Community Spotlight: Guy Alsentzer
Our trout need help! Rapidly changing climate dynamics are drastically accelerating the environmental stress on coldwater fisheries. Montana’s iconic waters are ground zero for this crisis. The shocking crash of trout populations in the Jefferson drainage (Ruby, Big Hole and Beaverhead Rivers) is an urgent call to action. Witnessing this, Guy Alsentzer has established Save Wild Trout to protect coldwater fisheries.
Save Wild Trout believes Montana’s elected officials must commit and invest in their natural resources or be held accountable for not doing so. The allocation of proper funding and resources will enable managers to develop and implement long-term solutions for ecosystem resiliency. Save Wild Trout’s efforts have inspired a coalition of advocates prioritizing stewardship and wild fish where it matters — on the river and in the voting booth.
Photo: Guy Alsentzer is the cofounder of Save Wild Trout. WADE FELLIN
Dams
Dams are pushing wild salmon and steelhead to the brink of extinction while contributing to climate change.
If pushing salmon and steelhead to extinction wasn't bad enough, dams contribute to climate change by emitting greenhouse gas into the atmosphere. Despite decades of greenwashing, dams aren't a clean, green or cheap energy, they're wastefully inefficient.
Learn more about the people who brought down the Klamath River dams.
Read the Story
Photo: The Columbia River Basin is choked by 211 dams which have eliminated 1400 miles—40%—of spawning habitat. As a result, 13 wild salmon and steelhead populations are on the brink of extinction. ECOFLIGHT
Hatcheries
Billions spent on inefficient hatchery programs don’t help wild steelhead and salmon. They make the problem worse.
Over the past 20 years, the federal government has spent billions of your tax dollars propping up failing hatcheries. By interbreeding and competing with wild fish, the 5 billion hatchery fish released every year haven't stopped the decline of salmon and steelhead. They've made the problem worse.
Learn more about why the best hatchery is a healthy river.
Photo: There are almost 250 hatcheries from California to Alaska. Along with hatcheries in Russia, Japan and South Korea, more than 5 billion hatchery fish are released every year. The result? Watered down genetics, declining returns and wasted resources. BEN MOON
Net Pens
Genetically engineered open net-pen salmon are a science project gone wrong, not dinner.
Corporations have been attempting to farm salmon and steelhead in open-net pens for as long as we've been a company. For those five decades, we've defended wild fish. We'll continue that fight until the vermin-infested, ocean polluting open-net industry goes belly up.
Learn more about the threats posed by fish farms and hatcheries.
Watch the Film
Photo: What’s for dinner? Genetically engineered open-net pen salmon are hatched in tanks, dumped into pens, fed pellets, drugged, deloused and dyed pink. Bon appetite! CORIN SMITH
@patagonia_flyfish
Waders & Boots
Essential gear built for a lifetime of hard use.
Packs & Gear
Adaptable and versatile gear carriers.
Sun Protection
UPF sun-protective clothing to keep the rays at bay.
Black Hole® Bags
Designed simply and built for tough trips, our Black Hole® bags are the travel gear you reach for again and again. And many have a new look for good reason. We’re now using a recycled laminate with a matte finish that’s extremely durable and weather-resistant, and reduces our dependence on virgin petroleum.
Black Hole® Duffels
Black Hole® Backpacks
Black Hole® Totes & Cubes
A Change for Good
Black Hole® Duffel 40L
Black Hole® Duffel 70L
Black Hole® Mini MLC® 30L
Black Hole® Wheeled Duffel 70L
Black Hole® Wheeled Duffel 100L
Black Hole® Pack 25L
Black Hole® Wheeled Duffel 40L
Black Hole® Duffel 100L
Black Hole® MLC® 45L
Black Hole® Pack 32L
Black Hole® Cube 14L
Black Hole® Gear Tote 61L
Black Hole® Cube 6L
Black Hole® Cube 3L
Black Hole® Waist Pack 5L
Black Hole® Tote 25L
Black Hole® MLC® Cube 12L
Snow Roller 112L
Black Hole® Rod Case
Don’t have an account?
See your order even if you are not a registered user. Enter the order number and your last name.
Trail Running Stories
One runner gets her fix helping others chase their dreams, again and again.
After years of trying to fit in with Western trail culture, one runner realizes that what she’s been missing lies in the Colombian mountains of her youth.
Running Up For Air is not a race. It’s a community, a gathering of friends and a fundraiser for clean-air advocacy.
In the face of declining air quality, a community of runners rises up.
Running won’t solve the issue of wood pellet biomass pollution. But it can ignite community and conversation—and that’s a start.
A Patagonia advanced R&D designer takes to the Swedish alpine to test out a new pack prototype—and a bold idea for rethinking multiday trail travel.
Footprints Running Camp is as much about finding solutions to the climate crisis as it is about running.
A runner explores what it takes to find quiet in the world, and in our minds.
Reflections on the 2022 Oak Flat Prayer Run, a gathering and a protest of a planned copper mine that could destroy this sacred site.
Martin Johnson embarks on his most challenging run, as he explores the connection between Black British history and the River Thames.
An attempt to set the fastest known time on the 184-mile path to the source of the River Thames.
The friends that make you want to run 100 miles.
How the trails beneath our feet help us belong.
Lydia Jennings honors Indigenous scientists of the past, present and future.
The communities of Cajón del Maipo, in Chile, are seeing their environment be threatened by an unnecessary hydroelectric project.
Trail runner and activist Felipe Cancino takes us on a 120 km run through the Maipo River Valley—revealing along the way the impacts of the Alto Maipo hydropower project on the local ecosystem, its communities and traditions; and the threat it poses to the water supply of Santiago’s 7.1 million residents.
Exploring one of the least visited but most revisited national parks, on foot.
After a difficult year, a runner finds life anew in the Sierra.
A dead-end dirt road is the start to a new challenge—and a fight to protect South America’s Yosemite.
Words and wisdom from two Montana runners.
The Red Desert in southwest Wyoming is the largest unfenced area in the continental United States. In order to raise awareness about this threatened ecosystem, several Wyoming conservation groups have banded together to organize a trail race that brings runners, local stakeholders, and concerned citizens together to experience this place and see exactly what is at stake.
Running through the most-visited wilderness in the continental United States, rallying to its defense.
A trail running race in southwest Wyoming brings attention to the importance of protecting the largest unfenced area in the contiguous United States.
Exploring South America’s public lands on foot.
Luke Nelson's FKT on the Wasatch Ultimate Ridge Linkup.
Jenn Shelton traverses the Sierra High Route.
Krissy Moehl reports from the 2019 inaugural takayna ultramarathon “There are no footprints.” Fellow Patagonia ambassador and New Zealand native Grant Guise voiced what I was thinking. Our headlamps and phone lights dimly illuminated the overgrown double-track from Rebecca Road. “If 100 people are starting a race in five minutes, we would see footprints,” he…
Steve House joins forces with coach Scott Johnston and athlete Kílian Jornet to develop a comprehensive approach to finding the joy and the payoff of intense training. Even lunges.
Generations of a Diné family reflect on running.
Patagonia is thrilled to publish Steve House and Scott Johnston’s second training book, Training for the Uphill Athlete, for which they teamed up with world-class endurance athlete Kílian Jornet. This is an excerpt from the book, now available in Patagonia stores, on Patagonia.com, and at your favorite bookstore or online distributor. I race a lot:…
For the slo-mo, bug-bitten, exhausted joy of really long runs. Time expands and compresses on long runs. Moments of navigation or extended discomfort can seem endless, while the landscape sifts by like a slow-moving picture. And then suddenly it’s been hours that slipped by without you noticing, except for the subtle changes in light and…
Why We Run
Some families share religion, camping, lavish vacations, opera. Other families go running.
By Yvon Chouinard September 14, 2022
I never wanted to be a businessman. I started as a craftsman, making climbing gear for my friends and myself, then got into apparel. As we began to witness the extent of global warming and ecological destruction, and our own contribution to it, Patagonia committed to using our company to change the way business was done. If we could do the right thing while making enough to pay the bills, we could influence customers and other businesses, and maybe change the system along the way.
We started with our products, using materials that caused less harm to the environment. We gave away 1% of sales each year. We became a certified B Corp and a California benefit corporation, writing our values into our corporate charter so they would be preserved. More recently, in 2018, we changed the company’s purpose to: We’re in business to save our home planet.
While we’re doing our best to address the environmental crisis, it’s not enough. We needed to find a way to put more money into fighting the crisis while keeping the company’s values intact.
One option was to sell Patagonia and donate all the money. But we couldn’t be sure a new owner would maintain our values or keep our team of people around the world employed.
Another path was to take the company public. What a disaster that would have been. Even public companies with good intentions are under too much pressure to create short-term gain at the expense of long-term vitality and responsibility.
Truth be told, there were no good options available. So, we created our own.
Instead of “going public,” you could say we’re “going purpose.” Instead of extracting value from nature and transforming it into wealth for investors, we’ll use the wealth Patagonia creates to protect the source of all wealth.
Here’s how it works: 100% of the company’s voting stock transfers to the Patagonia Purpose Trust, created to protect the company’s values; and 100% of the nonvoting stock had been given to the Holdfast Collective, a nonprofit dedicated to fighting the environmental crisis and defending nature. The funding will come from Patagonia: Each year, the money we make after reinvesting in the business will be distributed as a dividend to help fight the crisis.
It’s been nearly 50 years since we began our experiment in responsible business, and we are just getting started. If we have any hope of a thriving planet—much less a thriving business—50 years from now, it is going to take all of us doing what we can with the resources we have. This is another way we’ve found to do our part.
Despite its immensity, the Earth’s resources are not infinite, and it’s clear we’ve exceeded its limits. But it’s also resilient. We can save our planet if we commit to it.
Who owns Patagonia?
What is the Holdfast Collective and what does it do?
What is the Patagonia Purpose Trust?
Does this make Patagonia a nonprofit?
Who runs the business going forward?
Will Patagonia as a company continue to donate 1% of sales for the planet?
What will the founders do now?
What does this mean for Patagonia employees?
Will Patagonia just max out sales so it can give away more money each year?
A LETTER FROM YVON CHOUINARD
Introducing Patagonia Works, a new kind of holding company
by Yvon Chouinard - May 6, 2013
I don’t like to think of myself as a businessman. I’ve made no secret that I hold a fairly skeptical view of the business world. That said, Patagonia, the company my wife and I founded four decades ago, has grown up to — by global standards — a medium-size business. And that bestows on our family a serious responsibility. The last line of Patagonia’s mission statement is “…use business to inspire and implement solutions to the environmental crisis.” We’ve always taken that seriously.
Three examples: Every year for 30 years, Patagonia has donated one percent of its sales to grassroots environmental organizations. We helped initiate the Sustainable Apparel Coalition,
an organization of companies that produces more than a third of the clothing and footwear on the planet. In a very short time, the Coalition has launched an index of social and environmental performance that designers (and eventually consumers) can use to make better decisions when developing products or choosing materials. In 2012 we became one of California’s first B Corps (benefit corporations), which means that the values that helped make our company successful are now etched into our legal charter.
Now is the time for Patagonia to take the next logical step: to reach out beyond the framework of the apparel and outdoor industries. Today, my family and I are happy to launch $20 Million and Change, an internal fund to help like-minded, responsible start-up companies bring about positive benefit to the environment.
Twitter Instagram Facebook Google+ | Patagonia.com
The fight to save a small island in a big, changing world.
Inside the efforts to protect Chile’s Cochamó Valley from developers and overtourism.
Protest works. That’s why it’s under attack.
In Trump’s second term, environmental lawyers are getting more strategic—and assertive.
Wild trout populations in Southwest Montana have collapsed. Save Wild Trout says enough is enough.
A Swedish couple’s 36-year commitment to watching the skies.
I’ve been angry at politicians for as long as I’ve been an activist. Here’s why I still vote.
The biggest strides in hempcrete construction are going down on one of the smallest Native American reservations.
Will you vote for climate action this November or wait until your own life is at risk?
Gear that climbers agree on.
After a devastating wildfire, the community of West Maui continues to recover and rebuild.
Can bikes, trails and ancient traditions be the path to a better future?
For surfer Yusei Ikariyama to save his home waters, he’ll have to first unite his community.
The first-place essay from a youth writing competition we hosted with the nonprofit Write the World.
In northern Chile, a desert is being scourged by the textile industry. But a resilient community is transforming a reality of waste into opportunity.
Giving failure a chance in Greenland.
All dams are dirty. Efforts to make them better only make things worse.
Amy Bowers Cordalis and the fight to free the Klamath.
Renewing rivers one rodent at a time.
A family in Maine reimagines a future for working waterfronts that puts back more than it takes.
Louisiana community organizer Roishetta Ozane on her fight to stop the biggest fossil fuel expansion on earth and how mutual aid can play a part.
A country, a community, and a wild future under threat.
Meet the man working to save Mexico’s Punta Conejo.
A friendship built between waves becomes a powerful alliance for the protection of surf breaks.
Our next fight against Big Oil is for basic human rights.
Our brains tend to like it that way.
Do Skagit River salmon have legal rights?
Josh Wharton knows how to evaluate risk as an alpinist. How does fatherhood change the equation?
A trip to Amami Ōshima, Japan, transports Gerry Lopez to a familiar feeling on a distant land.
Women's Surf Clothing
Suits That Don’t Slip While You Slide
The smile that comes from achieving perfect trim. Lauren L. Hill sets her line in Indonesia.
100% Neoprene-Free
W's R1® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Full Suit
W's R2® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Full Suit
W's Cami Top
W's R3® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Full Suit
W's Bottom Turn Top
W's Long-Sleeved RØ® Top
W's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Front-Zip Long-Sleeved Spring Suit
R2® Yulex® Regulator® Gloves
W's Wavefarer® Boardshorts - 5"
R2® Yulex® Regulator® Split Toe Booties
W's Home Waters Volley Shorts - 3"
W's Sunny Tide One-Piece Swimsuit
W's Stretch Hydropeak Surf Shorts
Boardshort Logo Uprisal Hoody
W's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Spring Jane
W's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Long-Sleeved Spring Jane
W's R4® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Hooded Full Suit
R3® Yulex® Regulator® Split Toe Booties
Quandary Brimmer
W's Reversible Seaglass Bay Top
W's Wave For It Top
W's Cross Shore One-Piece Swimsuit
W's Long-Sleeved Swell Seeker One-Piece Swimsuit
W's Sunamee Shortie Bottoms
W's Reversible Cross Shore Bottoms
W's Cheeky Bottoms
W's Cross Shore Triangle Top
W's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Long-Sleeved Top
W's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Long Jane
W's Wave For It Bottoms
W's Sunrise Slider Top
W's Swell Seeker Rashguard
Surf Stories View All
From 2-foot to 20-foot, the Big Wave Risk Assessment Group (BWRAG) is sparking a global movement in surf safety.
Moona Whyte recounts the trials of surfing her dream wave.
Big-wave icon Greg Long, a past Eddie Aikau Big Wave Invitational winner, passes the baton to the next generation during 2024’s incredible event.
Outdoor Backpacks
Refugio Daypack 30L
Terravia Tote Pack 24L
Atom Tote Pack 20L
Terravia Pack 22L
Kids' Refugito Daypack 12L
Refugio Daypack 26L
Kids' Refugito Daypack 18L
Terravia Pack 14L
Stealth Backpack 25L
Terravia Pack 28L
Cragsmith Pack 32L
Fieldsmith Lid Pack 28L
Cragsmith Pack 45L
Dirt Roamer Pack 20L
Fieldsmith Roll-Top Pack 32L
Fieldsmith Linked Pack 24L
SnowDrifter Pack 20L
Terravia Pack 36L
Slope Runner Exploration Pack 18L
Ascensionist Pack 55L
PowSlayer Pack 38L
Descensionist Snow Pack 37L
Patagonia Web Accessibility Statement
Patagonia is committed to providing digital accessibility for everyone. We conform to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1, Level A and AA, and comply with Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) effective communication requirements and other applicable regulations.
To accomplish this, we have partnered with Level Access to administer our accessibility program and oversee its governance. Their accessibility program evaluates our digital products on an ongoing basis in accordance with best practices and is supported by a diverse team of accessibility professionals, including users of assistive technologies. The platform, moreover, goes beyond minimum compliance requirements by making an assistive CX technology application available to customers who have trouble typing, gesturing, moving a mouse, or reading. The application is free to download, and it incorporates tools such as mouse and keyboard replacements, voice recognition, speech enablement, hands-free/touch-free navigation, and more.
We want to hear from you if you encounter any accessibility barriers on our digital properties. Please contact our Customer Support at 1-800-638-6464.
Click the icon below to learn more about how our digital accessibility works.
Mountain Biking Stories
As temperatures rise in Phoenix, Arizona, mountain bikers are going nocturnal to escape the heat.
Simplicity, style and lessons in bike jazz on Eastern Washington’s Beacon Hill.
In the wake of a devastating wildfire, the communities of California’s Lost Sierra look to trails for hope, healing and a dose of dirt magic.
In a small British Columbia mountain town, one woman is using trails to help heal wounds and bridge two communities.
Can’t stop. Won’t stop.
Descending through Colombia’s coffee country, a crew of mountain bikers explores how climate change is impacting one of the world’s most cherished beverages and the lives of those who depend upon it.
Delusional optimism and alpine immersion in British Columbia’s South Chilcotin Mountains.
Grappling with her aging trail dog’s declining health, a mountain biker decides to give her furry best friend one last dose of singletrack.
In learning her ancestral language, one mountain biker finds a different way to relate to the world, herself and her community—and ride her bike.
You’re never too old to send. A film about bikes and one bad-ass mother hucker.
After nearly 30 years on the hallowed trails of southern British Columbia, Betty Birrell still thinks life is one big playground—and that you’re never too old to send.
In North Carolina’s Pisgah National Forest, a collaboration between anglers and mountain bikers uses better trails to create healthier rivers.
In a tiny Colorado ski town, the world’s oldest mountain-bike club is facing the complicated reality of recreation gone right.
A gift of mud and love and neglect.
The psychology of the perfect ride.
Rolling through a full-scale sensory rebellion in New England.
A soldier finds solace on fat tires.
An interview with Gabo Benoit, trail advocate and mountain-bike mayor of Coyhaique, Chile.
A lesson in the rules of trail building.
An unlikely community, in the most unlikely location, has become an even more unlikely force for public lands conservation.
Following in Indigenous footsteps on the Ute Pass Trail.
As editor of the world’s largest mountain bike magazine, Nicole Formosa showed her audience the world’s largest issues—and revealed the sport’s resistance to confronting them.
How one suburban mountain biker’s vision for a trail system reshaped a former industrial town—and turned trail building into a family tradition.
In the second installment of our “Best of Home” series, photographer, writer and editor Colin Wiseman takes us to Washington State’s gloomy, fern-filled Whatcom County for a signature Pacific Northwest ride.
Photo editor Kyle Sparks kicks off our new social media series, “Best of Home,” documenting the everyday, out-the-back-door trails that mountain biking depends on.
Outdoor recreation can be a lifeline for rural economies, but the industry has also benefited from the erasure of Indigenous peoples from their lands.
BIKE Magazine contributing editor Michael Ferrentino on our perceived right to ride wherever we want.
Battling invasive species through better trailbuilding.
A bikepacking expedition inspired by one of North America’s most iconic landscapes, and the American Prairie Reserve’s audacious effort to restore it.
In Coyhaique, Chile, the ghosts of resource extraction may offer a path toward a new recreation-based future.
A Mountain Bike film about inclusion, identity and hand-drawn heroes.
Perched in the Himalaya and once accessible only by trail, India’s Zanskar region has remained largely free of Western influences for over 2,000 years. That could all change as a new highway brings a wave of instant globalization.
Workwear Stories
“I want us to be carpenters. I want us to be timber framers. I don’t want us to be women who frame.” —Jenna Pollard
Architect and climber Dylan Johnson joins up with Yvon Chouinard and a hardworking crew to construct two houses using straw bales.
A 50-year odyssey.
A look inside Delta Brick & Climate Company, where doing is undoing.
A road trip through California’s worst drought in 1,200 years, and the folks working to restore broken ecosystems and rewild lost landscapes.
In Warren County, North Carolina, a Black farmer is growing industrial hemp to help his century-old farm thrive for at least another 100 years.
This story was supposed to be about a thriving, women-led organic farm in Maine. Then came news of the ”forever chemicals.”
Women make up less than five percent of US carpenters by trade. Some tradeswomen are changing the narrative, one dovetail joint at a time.
In Western Apacheria, a tradition of cooking in the ground endures.
Under the gaze of southern Arizona’s cinnamon-hued Canelo Hills, a mother passes along an ancient Puebloan tradition of natural adobe building to her three sons.
A Puebloan tradition is passed to the next generation.
Learning to coexist with the wild in Montana’s Tom Miner Basin.
In San Luis Obispo, California, a team of bakers is building community by “pedaling” their wares.
How can an organic farmer with no successor make sure the farm will end up in good hands? Paul Bickford started his search in an unexpected place.
How can Hispanic farmworkers become farm owners? For Mexican immigrant Javier Zamora, the sunup to sundown work ethic was already there—he just needed some support from his community.
Only 4 percent of US farm owners are Hispanic. Mexican immigrant and organic farmer Javier Zamora is working to change the narrative.
Rock-climber blade techs keep the wind turbines turning, with gusto.
In Colorado’s San Luis Valley, two farmers are growing industrial hemp to improve their topsoil—and their bottom line—as they face worsening drought.
In Colorado’s San Luis Valley, worsening drought is causing farmers to face the prospect of losing their livelihoods. Two farmers are placing their bets on a drought-tolerant crop—industrial hemp.
Nicholas Herrera brings new life to old things on his ancestral homestead in El Rito, New Mexico.
On a small farm outside Minneapolis, Minnesota, a farmer takes a regenerative approach to keeping his community fed.
Two Patagonia styles this season use bison hide. Grazing bison help restore prairie ecosystems, whereas grazing cattle can damage native grasses.
Who made the first hammer, the thing that’s used to make other things? For blacksmiths, it starts with the forge—and it’s hammers all the way down.
Patagonia has 73 styles using hemp this season. Cultivation of hemp replenishes vital soil nutrients, prevents erosion and requires no synthetic fertilizer.
A colorful tradition of building and running Grand Canyon dory boats is passed to the next generation.
Some farmers, anglers and chefs are providing food for their communities during the time of COVID-19.
Making face masks in the time of COVID-19: when “breathable face fabric” takes on a whole new meaning.
A bona fide American hemp farmer and entrepreneur shares his stash—a guide to farming hemp with tips for planting, growing, harvesting and processing.
On a family farm in Bourbon County, Kentucky, a heritage crop has returned.
In 2019, after a record Colorado avalanche season bulldozed millions of trees, a team of avalanche experts rallied to collect as much information as possible from these 300-year-old keepers of time.
Editor’s note: This post discusses anxiety and suicide. In a humble workshop in Washougal, Washington, a blind craftsman holds a locally harvested log that he has made into a blank with his miter saw. He turns it in his hands to feel its shape and weight. He measures and marks, measures and marks. A flick…
Doing the Dirty Work with the Oregon Natural Desert Association
Mike Wood’s last name is a wholly appropriate coincidence of birth. He’s got a fetish for the stuff. When building his off-the-grid log home masterpiece on the banks of Alaska’s Susitna River, he’d range out into the surrounding boreal forest, select each perfect tree, hug it at the chest in solemn ceremony and then gleefully…
As the seventh generation of her family to farm the same land, working from sunup to sundown comes naturally to Heather Darby. The fourth profile in our Workwear series takes a look at the perpetual motion required to be both a research agronomist at the University of Vermont and the backbone of a 200-year-old, certified…
Sale: Up to 40% Off
Women’s Sale
Kids’ & Baby Sale
Packs & Gear Sale
W's R1® Air Zip-Neck
W's Nano Puff® Vest
W's Short-Sleeved Mainstay Top
W's R1® Air Full-Zip Hoody
P-6 Logo Trucker Hat
M's Hydropeak Boardshorts - 18"
W's Los Gatos 1/4-Zip
W's Fleetwith Jumpsuit
W's Better Sweater® 1/4-Zip
W's Lightweight Synchilla® Snap-T® Pullover
M's Malihini Pataloha® Shirt
M's Hydropeak Volley Shorts - 16"
Shop Sticker Uprisal Hoody
W's Fjord Flannel Shirt
W's Maipo 7/8 Stash Tights
Breezefarer Cap
P-6 Label Trad Cap
Natural Blend Retro Cardigan
Women’s Sale: Up to 40% Off
Only the essentials. Kate Rutherford inspects her rack while Lisa Bedient eyes the crack. Bishop, California.
W's Better Sweater® Jacket
W's Recycled Down Sweater™ Parka
W's Synchilla® Jacket
W's Radalie Jacket
W's Driftwood Canyon Coat
W's Macro Puff® Hoody
W's Recycled Cashmere Turtleneck
W's Lunar Dusk Jacket
W's Regenerative Organic Certified® Cotton Essential Top
W's Micro D® 1/4-Zip
W's Los Gatos Hooded Pullover
W's Cotton Down Parka
W's '73 Skyline Easy-Cut Responsibili-Tee®
W's Retro Pile Marsupial
W's Lonesome Mesa Long Coat
W's P-6 Logo Responsibili-Tee®
W's Pine Bank 3-in-1 Parka
W's Cord Fjord Coat
W's Lost Canyon Vest
W's Microdini 1/2-Zip Pullover
W's Micro D® Joggers
Re-Tool Headband
W's Lost Canyon Hoody
W's Re-Tool Half-Snap Pullover
Cotton Down Jacket
W's Fjord Loft Overshirt Jacket
W's Bivy Hooded Vest
W's Microdini Hoody
Women's Trail Running Clothing
W's Houdini® Jacket
W's Multi Trails Shorts - 5½"
Slope Runner Vest
W's Maipo Shorts - 8"
W's Storm Racer Jacket
W's Strider Pro Shorts - 3½"
W's Maipo Mid-Impact Bra
W's Houdini® Stash 1/2-Zip Pullover
W's Airshed Pro Pullover
W’s Shadowlite High-Impact Adjustable Bra
W's Wind Shield Jacket
W's Trailfarer Shorts - 4½"
W's Capilene® Cool Trail Cropped Shirt
Duckbill Trucker Hat
W's Endless Run 7/8 Tights
W's Capilene® Cool Merino Blend Tank
Duckbill Cap
W's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Trail Shirt
W's Endless Run Shorts - 6"
W's Nano-Air® Ultralight Pullover
W's Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Lightweight Shirt
R1® Daily Gloves
W's Capilene® Cool Merino Blend Graphic Shirt
W's Wind Shield Pants
W's Peak Mission Tights - 27"
Trail Running Stories 87 Items
Demand Environmental Justice
Black, Brown and low-income communities face disproportionate environmental hazards and health crises due to systemic racism and classism. That’s why, for decades, frontline groups have led the fight for equal access to clean air, clean water and climate-resilient infrastructure, taking on Big Oil and multi-millionaire polluters.
Their work, which centers the material needs of communities to survive and thrive, has led to major wins in the environmental movement, like passing the recent law to end neighborhood drilling in California. But they still face immense challenges as they run up against corporate polluters, industry lobbyists and lawsuits. Learn more about their work and donate to environmental justice groups near you.
Learn More
Donate to an Environmental Justice Organization Now
Make an Impact
Functional designs, timeless styling and proven durability: These are the goods you’ll never get rid of.
W's Torrentshell 3L Rain Jacket
Baby Micro D® Snap-T® Jacket
W's Down Sweater™
W's Down Sweater™ Hoody
Capilene® Cool Daily and Tropic Comfort UPF Products
Here’s What You Need to Know. We recently discovered that some products in two of our sun protection lines—Capilene® Cool Daily and Tropic Comfort—do not meet the 50+ UPF (Ultraviolet Protection Factor) rating we claimed for them. If you own one of these products, please know: They still offer solid UV protection. It’s just not as much as advertised.
Our tests confirm a range of 17–45 UPF instead of 50+, averaging 34 UPF. The good news is that even at 17 UPF, the products block 92% of the sun’s ultraviolet rays. The bad news is that we didn’t deliver on our goal to offer you the highest level of sun protection. We’ve pulled our existing inventory and halted distribution of the affected styles until we can fix the problem.
Check your style number if you bought one of these products before September 1, 2021.
How to find my style number
Product Label
Find the label (typically at the neck or side hem) and look on the back—it’s the number after the letters “STY”.
Order Confirmation
Search your email inbox for your Patagonia order confirmation. Find the order that contains a sun-protective product. Your style number is light grey and begins with a # and is located directly beneath the product name.
Order History
Sign in to your account on Patagonia.com. Type “order history” into the search bar. Click “Details” within the order that contains a sun-protective product.
Your style number is light grey and begins with a # and is located directly beneath the product name.
22395 Capilene® Cool Daily Sun Mask
45180 M’s Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
45185 W’s Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
45190 M’s Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt
45205 W’s Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt
45215 M’s Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
45225 W’s Capilene® Cool Daily Shirt
45235 M’s Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt
45250 W’s Capilene® Cool Daily Graphic Shirt
45310 M’s Capilene® Cool Daily Hoody
45315 W’s Capilene® Cool Daily Hoody
52147 M’s Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily Fish Graphic Shirt
61245 Baby Capilene® Cool Daily Crew
61255 Baby Capilene® Cool Daily Hoody
61265 Baby Capilene® Cool Daily T-Shirt
62395 Boys’ Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily T-Shirt
62400 Girls’ Long-Sleeved Capilene® Cool Daily T-Shirt
62405 Girls’ Capilene® Cool Daily Sun Hoody
84262 W’s Long-Sleeved Sol Patrol® Shirt
52085 W’s Tropic Comfort Hoody
52091 M’s Tropic Comfort 1/4-Zip
52106 W’s Tropic Comfort Crew
52119 M’s Tropic Comfort Crew II
52124 M’s Tropic Comfort Hoody II
62420 Boys' Capilene® Cool Daily T-Shirt
If you cut the tag out of your product or if you can’t find the style number, you can still make a return. Get started below.
Please contact Patagonia Customer Service here .
Ours. Once we discovered our products didn’t live up to what we had claimed, we decided to initiate this voluntary recall. We never want our customers to feel misled, and we always do our best to build the very best product.
In May 2021, we discovered the issue ourselves through internal tests, which we then had confirmed by an independent laboratory. These recent UPF tests contradicted our earlier results indicating the materials exceeded 70 UPF. Our initial testing was done during the material development process and prior to the Spring 2019 product release, but we didn’t test again after the garments were made at the factory. We are changing our process so this doesn’t happen again.
If you purchased your product directly from Patagonia.com, and you complete your return online, your refund may take up to 3 weeks.
If you fill out the return form without an order number, your refund may take up to 12 weeks.
We collected our unsold products from our dealers and retail stores, corrected the labeling and are ready to start selling our Capilene® Cool Daily styles once again. Same great product, style, graphics and fabric, just without the UPF claim. Our returned used product was very limited and so we opted to recycle or repurpose the garments through our Worn Wear program. Rest assured, the landfill was not an option.
Here’s how to return it:
Easy, full-service option
Business Unusual
We’re standing capitalism on its head. The full value of Patagonia is now going to protect the source of all wealth—and our one and only home.
If you have an account, please log in to see items you previously added.
Ironclad Guarantee
If you are not satisfied with one of our products at the time you receive it, or if one of our products does not perform to your satisfaction, return it to the store you bought it from or to Patagonia for a repair, replacement or refund.
Subtotal (0)
$0.00
-
Shipping Discount
- $0.00
Estimated Tax
Discount ( NaN %)
-$0.00
Estimated Total
Secure Checkout
Size & Fit Guide
Women’s Size & Fit
Find Women’s size charts for tops and bottoms. Plus, a few tips on how to measure for the best fit.
Men’s Size & Fit
Find Men’s size charts for tops and bottoms. Plus, a few tips on how to measure for the best fit.
Gender Inclusive Size & Fit
Find size charts for Gender Inclusive products. Plus, get a few tips on how to measure for the best fit.
Kids’ & Baby Size & Fit
View size charts for Kids’ & Baby. Plus, get a few tips on how to measure for the best fit.
Packs & Travel Bags Size Chart
View size chart for Packs & Travel bags.
Duffel Bag Size Chart
View size charts for Duffel bags.
Hats & Accessories Size & Fit
View size charts for Hats & Accessories. Plus, get a few tips on how to find the right fit.
Waders Size Chart
View size chart for waders to find your best fit.
Well-loved gear can tell some of the best stories of our lives.
The making of a mountain-ready one-piece.
Want to see what goes on behind the scenes at Patagonia?
Patagonia Climbing Ambassador Katie Lamb sews at her own pace.
How can climbing shape the world we want to see?
A conversation with Vincent Stanley, Patagonia’s director of philosophy and co-author of The Future of the Responsible Company: What We’ve Learned from Patagonia’s First 50 Years.
A short history of gear designed for very specific reasons.
%%sitename%% connects you to environmental action groups in your community. Find events, petitions, and volunteer opportunities near you.
Stay connected
Learn about opportunities in your area.
What is Patagonia Action Works?
Patagonia Stores and Dealers
Explore stores and dealers helping to support grassroots environmental action locally.
Are you a grassroots environmental action group?
Already have access? Sign In
Get matched with a grassroots environmental group looking for your particular brand of genius.
Plus, apply for a skill-based volunteering project between August 8-September 5 and get the chance to receive a free copy of our new book, Tools to Save Our Home Planet . The book captures insights from dozens of experienced activists about how to make the biggest impact in your community.
Skill-Based Volunteering Jobs Powered by Catchafire Terms & Conditions of Tools to Save Our Home Planet Giveaway
She was searching for a role with a nonprofit that takes a nontraditional approach to nature conservation. She found it in her inbox.
Those with the most to lose are uniting to save the Northwest's salmon and steelhead.
Hear from activists, artists and environmental groups and learn how to volunteer your skills to help tackle the most pressing issues we face today.
Worn Wear® Stories
Lasting Function and a Commitment to Repair In a landscape of disposable ski and snowboard fashion, fixing and keeping your snow gear in play is the most radical act we know. On average, most of us keep a piece of clothing for just three years, yet the materials and processes for making any new garment…
A writer’s favorite pullover revised.
An ode to the simplest outdoor gear.
A Bosnian war refugee’s journey to a lifetime of community activism.
A waltz down vestiary’s lane.
The joy, meditation and quiet rebellion of fixing your clothes by hand.
Nearly every Wednesday, Courtney Reynolds can be found elbow-deep in a bin of someone else’s castoffs, searching for scraps of fabric and colorful quilts to deconstruct and sew into original clothing items for her three preschool-age kids, or to sell in her online shop, Napkin Apocalypse.
As a repaired shirt becomes more of an original, it still takes the author back.
Why well-loved gear is the best gift of all.
The zipper is one of the most elegantly functional features in design. It’s also one of the most frustrating barriers to fully recycled, easily repairable gear.
Why is it so hard to get rid of used clothes in an ethical way?
What if we could wear our garbage? That’s the idea behind ReCrafted, our line of clothing made from the scraps of used garments collected at our Worn Wear facility in Reno. It’s premium, Patagonia, upcycled. A second life for products that might not otherwise get one. ReCrafted was created by Kourtney Morgan—the designer behind some…
Patagonia is no stranger to the difficulty of throwing stuff away. We take back 100 percent of the gear you return for recycling through our Worn Wear program. In 2018, we recycled 6,797 pounds of products. But we can’t recycle or repair everything you send us. Some of it was just too well-loved during use…
I lost track of how many people asked us why we were driving into the deeper nooks of New England during the middle of winter. I knew the answer, but I’d be lying if I didn’t question the reasoning myself. The Worn Wear crew set out to visit a few snow sport communities in the…
How a pair of shorts can become a loyal companion thru and thru.
After 48 days in the same vehicle with the same four people, five if you count Brandon’s second shadow and beloved dog Rudy (half dog, half human), one is ready for a week of weekends. We romped around for the better part of the last two months, running from Squaw Valley, to Aspen, to Jackson…
See what happens to your beloved gear at the Patagonia Repair Center.
This 3-Year-Old Rips.
The jacket was probably red once but it’s now more of a muddy pink with an overlay of permanent scuff and smudge. The zipper, replaced four years ago, stands out a little brighter. The interior sports a size tag (Kids XXS) but has no hand-me-down label—it predates that Patagonia tradition. Around 13 years ago, it…
At Patagonia, we think the most beautiful product is really designed by you. Every tear, stain and duct tape patch proves the bond that can develop between a person and their gear. Our Worn Wear repair program helps keep your well-loved clothes in action longer and provides an easy way to recycle Patagonia garments when…
We’re a little more than halfway through the tour here in the United States and can’t decide what’s worse: the summer heat down in the South or the demolition y’all do on your garments! Truthfully, we’re not fazed by either. We love the challenging repairs being thrown at us and don’t mind a bit of…
I had forgotten about the highway head turns and hollars, the uncompromising loyalty to garments that are decades older than me, the vastness and variety of this continent. The chorus of Worn Wear sentiments sing: on the road again. Anne Graham mending cuffs on a ’90s-era Snap-T. Photo: Donnie Hedden We’ve entered our sophomore year…
This holiday season, I have an early New Year’s resolution for the sake of Planet Earth: let’s all become radical environmentalists. This sounds like a big leap—but it’s not. All you need is a sewing kit and a set of repair instructions. As individual consumers, the single best thing we can do for the planet…
In the spring of 2015, Patagonia hired me to document a lively traverse across the United States—the Worn Wear tour. The story is as follows. “What in the heck is that thing you got there?” mutters a middle age lady smoking a cigarette out back of the service station. “It’s a mobile clothing repair wagon,” I…
We would like to invite you to be among the first to watch Worn Wear, a new film from Keith, Lauren, Chris, and Dan Malloy. Worn Wear is an exploration of quality – in the things we own and the lives we live. This short film takes you to an off-the-grid surf camp in Baja,…
Today’s advertisement appearing in The New York Times: It’s Fashion Week, when the design world turns its attention to what’s new. We’d like to point out something better: what lasts. While we’re proud of the quality and performance of Patagonia clothes, every new thing we make – everything anyone makes – costs nature more than…
Mark Sensenbach perches on a stool, back slightly hunched, eyes down, brows narrowed in concentration. His hands, toughened by mountains and work, maneuver the rubber sole of a climbing shoe against a sanding wheel. His movements made smooth by practice, Mark runs the shoe back and forth, rotates and repeats. He draws it away from…
Dear Patagonia, I don’t actually know the original owner of this little red and purple fleece jacket. I do not know several names scrawled on the tag, but I know some of them… We found this jacket in a large ragged cardboard box of hand-me-downs from a family with three kids. The jacket came to…
by Tom Morehouse I have an interesting Patagonia photo to share with you. I was on Christmas Island (Kiribati) in March. My guide was Moana who was one of the founders of bonefishing on Christmas Island in the '80s when he was about 30 years of age. [Nothing beats local knowledge. Moana Kofe scouts for…
A few years ago I bought a cheap portable radio for $4.99 to listen to the news while I walk to work. Soon after, one of the earphone buds broke. No problem, I thought – I’ll just fix it using parts from my drawer of other broken electronics. No such luck: the whole radio, including…
Witnessing the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge via packraft.
A season of testing in Washington State.
How the worst climbing conditions can bring out the best in us.
For Katie Lamb, bouldering’s not about the grades. It’s about the process.
Patagonia Pro Program
The Patagonia Pro Program is a membership program for qualified outdoor professionals, environmental grant recipients, and outdoor industry partners. Membership is by application, is not guaranteed and can be revoked at any time. If you are interested in applying, please sign in with an existing account to start the application or create a new account below.
Use your work issued email address when creating and applying for your account.
Have more questions? Visit Pro Program FAQ
You can still score great discounts by browsing our Web Specials or used gear on Worn Wear . If you're looking to purchase Patagonia for company uniforms, events, holiday gifts, team jerseys and other group style needs, be sure to checkout out our Group Sales page.
Log in to your existing Pro account.
You must create a Patagonia account using your <strong>work email</strong> before applying for a Pro membership.
Already have an account associated with your work email address?
The Patagonia Pro Program is a membership program for qualified outdoor professionals, environmental grant recipients, and outdoor industry partners.
Surf
High-Performance Boardshorts
The Hydrolock 2.0 and Hydrolock Stitched are our technical, performance-based boardshorts. Developed and tested through a collaboration of our designers and ambassadors and proven in the heaviest surf on the planet.
Hydrolock 2.0
Hydrolock Stitched
The Right Gear for Every Condition
We design gear that provides protection from the sun and won’t quit when your arms turn to noodles—with safety, comfort and performance top of mind. Our boardshorts, swimsuits, wetsuits, surf tops and big-wave line are as high-performance as they are durable because more time in the water makes for a fuller life. We think so, at least.
Natural Performance
100% neoprene-free Yulex® wetsuits by the first brand to make them. Developed in 2012. Refined for today.
M's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Front-Zip Full Suit
M's R1® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Full Suit
M's R1® Yulex® Regulator® Back-Zip Full Suit
M's R2® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Full Suit
M's R2® Yulex® Regulator® Back-Zip Full Suit
M's R2® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Hooded Full Suit
M's R3® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Full Suit
M's R3® Yulex® Regulator® Front-Zip Hooded Full Suit
Yulex® Regulator® Cap
R4® Yulex® Regulator® Round Toe Booties
R3® Yulex® Regulator® Gloves
R4® Yulex® Regulator® Three-Finger Mitts
R3® Yulex® Split Toe Booties
R2® Yulex® Hybrid Booties
M's Yulex® Impact Vest
M's R1® Yulex® Impact Front-Zip Spring Suit
M's Yulex® Impact Short John
Surf Stories
The Electric Acid Surfboard Test
Dave Rastovich
Watch episode 1 here for free, then head to Stab Premium for episodes 2–4.
The Physics of Noseriding
The science of surfing’s fluid dance.
Connected by Water
Gerry Lopez’s Big Wave Challenge
Come celebrate the link between the surf and snow, with a course full of spines, transitions and banked corners shaped into stationary waves at Mt. Bachelor, Oregon. April 3–6, 2025.
21st Annual Menehune Mayhem
The Menehune Mayhem is a free two-day surf contest with a purpose for Maui’s youth (15 years old and younger) put on by Ian Walsh. Coming in May 2025 to Ho‘okipa Beach Park, Maui, Hawai‘i.
Jaws Underground
Every winter, huge swells hit the north shore of Maui at Pe‘ahi. Meet the men and women whose names are synonymous with Jaws. A film by Shanti Berg and Sebastian Tronolone Jr. coming in 2025.
“I feel that a rich surfing life can, and should, embed us into a sense of place and belonging.”
As a surf rat grommet on the east coast of Australia in the ’90s I was in the company of older surfers who were either stoners, alcoholics or sentimentalists for the golden era of surfing decades before. The stoners seemed fun but aimless, the drunks were angry and the “old timers” just didn’t seem to see what was in front of them.
All that changed for me when elder surfer Denis Callinan, who was best buddies with the famed local Wayne “Rabbit” Bartholomew, sat me down and told me about his work with local surfing conservation group S.A.N.D (Surfers Against Nature’s Destruction). He was asking me to participate in an action they were creating to stop the destruction of a local beach. In Denis I saw purpose, a functioning brain and a wild surfer’s gaze that took in the beauty of our coast and the need to protect it. He stoked me out. Made me feel like we could all do something with the positive energy we received from wave riding. I got involved and felt all those same things in myself soon enough.
Fast forward a couple decades and I have done my best to keep those attributes strong in my life. Surf travel has shown me there are plenty of surfers like this around the world, that we can be coastal custodians who are effective in protecting the places we love, while also bringing larrikinism and fun to a social space that can be bogged down in obligation and heavy slogans.
My surfing life is fun, but what brings my surfing life depth is action centered on passing on the cultivated energy that waves gift to us when we paddle in.
For me, that means growing most of our own food and supporting our local growers who care for the country while feeding others. It means turning up to support our communities’ efforts to curb excessive development and the commodifying of anything that should be communal rather than corporate. It means running our own actions to heal coastal dune systems. Carrying out guerrilla graffiti actions to slow people down on our country roads so koalas, kangaroos and other wildlife stop being run over by people rushing. My care takes shape in holding community events that are fun and in the places that we love. Rather than in town halls and buildings, we gather at the beach and surf together with everyone from 8 years old to 80.
Photo: I feel that a rich surfing life can, and should, embed us into a sense of place and belonging. From there it is simply a natural movement to care for all things that we share a home with. NATHAN OLDFIELD
Belinda Baggs
“I’ll continue giving back to the ocean for this amazing surfing life she has given me.”
As a super dorky, surf-obsessed, tomboy grom in the ’90s, life was interesting to say the least. I was in my father’s shadow, jumping at opportunities to get to the coast with a disregard of all other aspects of a “normal” teenager’s life—not quite skilled enough and living a few too many suburbs west to be accepted by the “cool local” surfers my own age, and too much of a misfit for my Cardiff High peers that hung at the mall and chased boys to the footy field.
At times it felt like the ocean was my only friend. Always there, sometimes challenging but forever welcoming. I was (and still am) under a majestic spell to spend as much time in the sea as humanly possible.
To give back I started picking up plastic along the shore. As the years and decades of a life in the waves flew by, I started noticing more changes and dramatic differences to the coastline and breaks I’d surfed my whole life. Under my board, the temps were rising, changing the ecology. Intense storms were ripping apart reefs and beaches—displacing rocks and causing erosion that washed away access infrastructure, eating into the car parks and destroying beachfront homes and surf clubs. I watched my favorite tropical reef break transform from a thriving wonderland to a bleached coral wasteland.
After attending a summit with some of the world’s leading scientists it all made sense. This was all the impact of climate change.
Luckily, there are solutions to fix this. Solutions that, if done sustainably, will help many regional towns and coastal communities thrive.
I knew surfers cared about protecting their peaks and had the spirit to do so. With a fellow goofy-footer, Johnny Abegg, we started Surfers for Climate, a sea-roots movement dedicated to positive climate action. As an environmental charity, we deliver high-impact climate educational experiences across Australia, raising awareness and building deep relationships with a diverse set of Australia bipartisan leaders and decision-makers to inspire positive change.
Three years in, it’s been a wild ride with a steep learning curve. I remind myself daily it’s not about being perfect, it’s about simply doing something for the betterment of all living things.
I’ll continue giving back to the ocean for this amazing surfing life she has given me.
Photo: Jarrah Lynch
Liz Clark
“Showing up for the good fight requires showing up for myself. And surfing always gives me what I need to be able to keep on giving.”
It feels as if I need surfing—or at least time in the ocean—as much as I need food and water. My love for surfing influenced the college I chose, the destinations I sailed, the partner I married, the place where I’ve decided to grow roots. Although I can now go without it longer than during my early surfing years, surfing still has its silent but significant spell on me. It feels natural that this great love makes me want to give something to the ocean in return.
In 2019, I sat in the lineup with some friends, chatting between sets about various environmental issues in the community. Soon after, A Ti'a Matairea Island Protectors was born—a nonprofit organization for environmental protection, animal welfare and youth empowerment in French Polynesia. Our goal was to be a voice for nature and animals, and to empower the next generation of kids to do the same. In the beginning, I had no idea how much time, energy, perseverance and patience running a nonprofit would demand.
We launched a project to create anchorage zones to help yachts avoid damaging corals with their anchors. We set out to reverse overfishing by getting to know the needs of our island’s fishers, helping them create new fishing restrictions and marine protected areas. We lobbied the government for financially accessible spay and neuter programs for cats and dogs, managed to modify a critical law, and received the first ever funding in French Polynesia for a spay and neuter program. We started a program that takes underserved youth on excursions in the forest and the ocean to study local biodiversity. Then there’s applying for grants, talking in schools, attending meetings and hosting beach cleanups.
The more we do, the more we see what else needs to be done, and there are never enough hands for all of it. It’s as exhausting as solo sailing. Thankfully, when the whitewater mounts on the outer reef, the call is still irresistible. Surfing is my self-care, my precious refuge, my attempt at staying in balance. It’s where I go to be recharged and reinspired. The ocean always reminds me why I work so hard at things I’m not even paid to do. Showing up for the good fight requires showing up for myself. And surfing always gives me what I need to be able to keep on giving.
Photo: Christa Funk
Eddie Donnellan
“The work that I do with the MeWater Foundation is just as special for me as it is for the youth I am working with.”
I feel most at home in the water, or out in Mother Nature surrounded by kids. The work that I do with the MeWater Foundation—where we work to address trauma and stress in young people from backgrounds of poverty and violence in the San Francisco Bay Area through surfing and nature—is just as special for me as it is for the youth I am working with, for the simple reason that it truly is my sweet spot. I just love all of it: the smiles, the fear, holding a hand for that first step into the unknown, the accomplishment of conquering something for the very first time, all of this grounds me like nothing else.
What I’ve experienced while sharing surfing, the ocean and nature with others has grown to far outweigh the majority of my own personal moments in life, aside from being a parent. I might be able to tell you about a few waves or incredible “ah-ha” life moments I have had over the years, but I could go on and on for hours telling you about the experiences that I have had with youth in the water and mountains. It really is the purest form of joy.
Through a life dedicated to the well-being and mental health of children, I have grown to realize that there is just too much magic out there not to share.
I consider myself the lucky one, just for being there.
Photo: Donnie Hedden
Frank Solomon
“Seeing these kids discover the beauty and power of the ocean and witnessing their transformation is worth every challenge we’ve faced.”
In my pursuit of chasing waves, I found myself immersed in the exhilarating world of big-wave surfing. Traveling the world, searching for the perfect wave, initially felt like a purely selfish pursuit—just me, seeking the thrill of catching the best waves for myself. However, my background in South Africa made it impossible to ignore the harsh realities of poverty and hardship faced by so many.
During one of my trips to France, something happened that shook me to my core. I saw a video of a young boy back home, caught in a protest, being shot in the face with rubber bullets by the police, on his way to the very beach where I had learned to surf. This heartbreaking moment became a turning point for me.
When I returned home, I couldn’t shake off the images I had seen. It inspired me to give something to kids who didn’t have the same opportunities as me: access to the ocean and surfing. I drove up and down that familiar beach, searching for a way to make a difference.
In 2019, I founded Sentinel Ocean Alliance (SOA), a nonprofit organization aimed at providing underprivileged kids with access to the ocean and ocean education. I had no clear plan at the time, but I knew I had to take action.
Today, SOA has become a force for positive change. We’ve created over 20 jobs on our site and run programs five days a week, teaching kids how to swim and instilling in them the importance of protecting our ocean. Thousands of kids have already participated in our programs, and now we are expanding our reach to other countries.
The journey hasn’t been easy, but it has been incredibly rewarding. Seeing these kids discover the beauty and power of the ocean and witnessing their transformation is worth every challenge we’ve faced.
Patagonia’s support has enabled SOA to reach more communities, spreading the message of conservation and empowering the next generation to protect and cherish our precious ocean.
I believe that surfing has the potential to be so much more than just a personal thrill. It can be a tool for positive change, a means to uplift and inspire others. Through SOA and with Patagonia’s support, I am determined to continue making a difference, one wave at a time, in the lives of these amazing kids and in the fight to protect our ocean for generations to come.
Photo: Sasha Specker
Protect the Ocean So It Can Protect Us
The ocean is medicine, whether it’s the waves that inspire joy, food that nourishes us or the central, sacred space it holds for coastal communities that have revered this resource for millennia. Keeping it healthy ensures that symbiotic relationship remains strong.
Corazón Salado
Patagonia Ambassador Ramón Navarro joins the Kawésqar community on a journey to protect their ancestral waters in Chilean Patagonia.
Totoganashi
Terms of Use Agreement
Last Updated: October 23, 2024
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE AGREEING TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT AND RECOGNIZE THAT YOU MAY BE WAIVING CERTAIN RIGHTS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.
This Terms of Use Agreement (the “ Agreement ”) is a legally binding agreement between you and Patagonia and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “ Patagonia ,” “ we ,” or “ us ,”) and governs your access to and use of our websites, mobile and other online services, applications, or platforms that link to this Agreement (collectively, the “Sites”), including the features, content, programs, and services we make available through the Sites (collectively with the Sites, the “Services”). By continuing to access and use the Services, you agree that such use is legally sufficient consideration under this Agreement.
IMPORTANT: THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION THAT INCLUDES AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT , A CLASS ACTION WAIVER , AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER THAT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS. PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY.
We may, from time to time, modify the terms of this Agreement. When we make changes, we will post those changes here. The date of the most recent update is listed at the top of this Agreement. CONTINUED ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICES AFTER CHANGES HAVE BEEN MADE TO THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE REVISED AGREEMENT THEN IN EFFECT. YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT PERIODICALLY AND THAT YOU SHALL BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY MODIFICATIONS TO IT.
We are committed to making the Services accessible for all users and will continue to take steps necessary to ensure compliance with applicable laws. Please read our Accessibility Statement for more information. If you have difficulty accessing any content, feature, or functionality of the Services, please Contact Us .
The Services may be accessed and used only by individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws, who are of legal age of majority in their place of residence, for example, 18 years of age or older, and who are not otherwise barred from using the Services under applicable laws. By accessing and using the Services, you represent and warrant that you have full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and you meet the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Services.
Certain areas and features of the Services are available only to users who have registered for an account (“Account”). We may reject, and you may not use, a user ID (or e-mail address) for any reason in our sole discretion. For example, we may reject a user ID (or e-mail address) (i) that is already being used by someone else; (ii) that may be construed as impersonating another person; (ii) that belongs to another person; (iv) that violates the intellectual property or other rights of any person; or (v) that is offensive. You may only have one active Account at any given time, and you may not allow other people to use your Account to access the Services.
If you maintain an Account, we expect you to accurately maintain and update any information about yourself that you have provided to us. You agree that you are responsible for all activities that occur under your Account, and for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and restricting access to your computer so others may not access the Services in violation of this Agreement. In addition, you agree to sign out from your Account at the end of each session if you are using a device that is shared with other people.
You agree to notify us of any unauthorized use of your Account username, log-in ID, password, or any other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to the Services by contacting us as soon as possible. We reserve the right to take any and all actions we deem necessary or reasonable to maintain the security of the Services and your Account, including without limitation, terminating your Account, changing your password, or requesting information to authorize transactions on your Account. WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL LOSSES AND DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS SECTION.
Orders We expressly reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to limit, reject, restrict, refuse, or cancel any order placed by you, wholly or partially, at any time, for any reason or no reason, and without notice or liability for any damages or costs other than the repayment of any amount received from such order.
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Services, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your transaction including, without limitation, information about your method of payment (such as your payment card number and expiration date), your email address, your billing address, and your shipping information. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY PAYMENT CARDS OR OTHER PAYMENT METHODS UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION. By submitting such information, you grant to us the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the transactions initiated by you or on your behalf.
You agree to pay all charges that may be incurred by you or on your behalf through the Services, at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred including, without limitation, all shipping and handling charges, and you authorize us to charge all sums for the orders that you make to the payment method specified at the time. In addition, you remain responsible for any taxes that may be applicable to your transactions. You authorize us to charge all applicable amounts for the orders that you make to the payment method specified at the time of purchase.
By completing an order on the Services, you accept the terms contained in this Agreement and your obligation to pay the total price.
Product Information Patagonia attempts to be as accurate as possible in describing its products. We do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of the Services are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. We reserve the right to change product descriptions at any time, and we are not responsible for variations between a product description and the actual product. Technological issues, such as your device settings, may alter how a product appears on the Services. Most products displayed on the Services are available in select retail stores in the United States and select foreign markets while supplies last. In some cases, merchandise displayed for sale via the Services may not be available in retail stores.
Availability All products and services advertised or offered for sale through the Services are subject to availability. We reserve the right to change the products and services advertised or offered for sale through the Services, the prices or specifications of such products and services, and any promotional offers at any time without any notice or liability to you or any other person. We also reserve the right to limit quantities sold or made available for sale. We cannot guarantee that products or services advertised or offered for sale on the Services will be available when ordered or thereafter. We make no representations or warranties that any products displayed on the Services will be available at any time or location.
Colors We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear on the Services. As the actual colors you see depend on your computer monitor or mobile device, however, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s or device’s display of any color will be accurate.
Pricing Subject to applicable law, Patagonia has the sole authority to determine the retail prices for any products that it sells. The advertised retail price for any product will reflect the final retail sales price prior to the imposition of applicable sales tax and delivery fees. We reserve the right, at any time, in our sole discretion and without advance notice, to change our prices and billing methods for products or items sold, effective immediately upon posting on the Services or by e-mail delivery to you. When we advertise a past price as a strike-through price on Web Specials or on sale product, that strike through price was the full price at which the product originally sold in our direct and wholesale channels.
Subject to applicable law, Patagonia is not responsible for any typographical errors or incorrect prices appearing on the Services regarding any products, items, or services. Errors will be corrected if, when and where discovered. Patagonia reserves the right in its sole discretion to: (i) refuse, reject or cancel orders placed for any product, item, or service advertised at an incorrect price or involving incorrect information or typographical errors; and (ii) reject or cancel any such order, regardless of whether your order has been confirmed and/or your credit card has been charged. If your credit card was charged and your order is subsequently rejected or canceled, a credit will be issued back to your original credit card account in the amount of the charge. Your banking or credit card institution will control when the amount is credited to your account.
Returns, Repairs & Exchanges Refunds, returns, repairs, and exchanges will be subject to our Exchanges, Returns, and Repairs policies which are available here . We reserve the right to deny an exchange, return, repair, refund, and/or issue a shopping credit to your Account in place of a refund if we determine that our policy is being abused. We may use any means available to us, including coordination with other companies, to determine if you are abusing our policy. This decision is made in our sole discretion and determination.
Sales Tax If we are legally required to collect sales tax on merchandise you order, the applicable state and local sales tax amount will be calculated and added to orders at the time of checkout. On rare occasions an error in our tax database may cause the sales tax charge to be incorrect. If this happens, at any time up to two years from your date of purchase you may Contact Us for a refund of tax overcharges. This right to a refund is your exclusive remedy for sales tax errors.
Payment Processing We may use a third-party payment processor to process your payment information, including your payment card data. Be aware that you may be subject to the third-party processor’s terms and your information may be subject to their privacy practices.
Shipping For more information about our shipping practices, please see our Shipping Information available here .
For more information about international shipping, please see our International Shipping Information available here .
Risk of Loss All products purchased from the Services are transported and delivered to you by an independent carrier not affiliated with, or controlled by, Patagonia. Title to products purchased on the Services, as well as the risk of loss for such products, passes to you when Patagonia delivers these items to the carrier.
Discounts and Promo Codes We may offer or advertise promo codes, discounts, coupon codes, and offers that provide a benefit to you when entered upon checkout. These cannot be applied to prior or completed transactions, they must be provided at the time of purchase. Generally, promo codes and discounts cannot be combined with other offers, promotions, web special, sale or discount, including Team, Group, Corporate or Pro Sales. Only consumers can use promo codes; they cannot be used by resellers, wholesalers, practitioners, or the like. You may have no right to discounts, coupons, or offers that are expired or discontinued even if they remain visible on a Site.
Content All names, logos, text, designs, graphics, trade dress, characters, interfaces, code, software, images, sounds, videos, photographs, and other content appearing in or on the Services (“ Content ”) are protected intellectual property of, or used with permission or under license by, Patagonia. Such Content may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent, or other proprietary rights and laws. This includes the entire Content of each Site, copyrighted and protected as a collective work. All intellectual property rights associated with the Services, and related goodwill, are proprietary to us or our licensors. You do not acquire any right, title, or interest in any Content by accessing or using the Services. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Except as set forth below, the use of any Content available on the Services is strictly prohibited.
License Grant Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, we grant you a limited license to access and use the Services and their Content for personal, informational, and shopping purposes. No Content from the Services may be copied, reproduced, republished, performed, displayed, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without written permission of the rights owner, except that you may download or print one copy of specific Content or software made available for your downloading or printing for your personal, non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement and retain the same solely for as long as you continue to be permitted to access the Services. To use Content under such an exception, you must (i) keep any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices intact; (ii) use such Content pursuant to any licenses associated with such Content; (iii) not copy or post such Content on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media; (iv) make no modifications to any such Content; and (v) make no additional representations or warranties relating to such Content. Except as otherwise expressly authorized herein or in writing by us, you agree not to reproduce, modify, rent, lease, perform, display, transmit, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based (in whole or in part) on all or any part of the Services or the Content.
Linking You are granted a limited, revocable, non-exclusive right to create text hyperlinks to the Services for informational purposes, provided such links do not portray us in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and provided that the linking website or service does not contain any material that is unlawful, harmful, harassing, defamatory, threatening, intimidating, fraudulent, tortious, vulgar, obscene, hateful, pornographic, spam, discriminatory, violative of privacy or publicity rights, infringing of intellectual property or other proprietary rights, or otherwise objectionable in our sole discretion, including unauthorized or unsolicited advertising. Additionally, notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance with any instructions posted in the robots.txt file located in a website’s root directory, we grant to the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy Content from the Services for the sole purpose of (and solely to the extent necessary for) creating publicly available, searchable indices of such Content, but not caches or archives of such Content, or for any machine-learning or training data purposes. We may revoke these permissions at any time.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any information, messages, comments, images, audio, photos, videos, product or services feedback or ideas, and any other content or material that you submit, upload, post, or otherwise make available on or through the Services (each a “User Submission”) and through the services available in connection with the Services, and that you, and not Patagonia, have full responsibility for each User Submission you make, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, and trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property ownership. You agree, represent and warrant that any User Submission you post on the Services or transmit through the Services is truthful, accurate, not misleading, and offered in good faith, and that you have the right to transmit such User Submission. You shall not upload, post, or otherwise make available on or through the Services any User Submission protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party without the express written permission of the owner of such right(s). You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyright, trademark, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such User Submission.
PLEASE DO NOT POST OR SEND US ANY COMMENTS, IDEAS, FEEDBACK, SUGGESTIONS, OR OTHER USER SUBMISSION THAT YOU WISH TO KEEP PRIVATE OR PROPRIETARY OR FOR WHICH YOU EXPECT TO RECEIVE COMPENSATION. By providing any ideas, concepts, know-how, proposals, techniques, suggestions, or other User Submission to us, you agree that: (i) we are free to use such User Submission for any purpose; (ii) such User Submission will not be deemed confidential or proprietary; (iii) we may have something similar already under consideration or in development; and (iv) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from us under any circumstances unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by us. Be aware that we have no obligation to keep User Submissions confidential unless explicitly stated.
License Grant By submitting a User Submission to us directly or indirectly (including through any use of third-party social media platforms directed at us), you grant to us (or warrant that the owner of such information and material has expressly granted to us) a royalty-free, perpetual, sublicensable, irrevocable, and unrestricted right and license: (i) to use, reproduce, display, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, transmit, and distribute or otherwise make available to others such User Submission (in whole or in part and for any purpose) worldwide; (ii) to incorporate such User Submission in other works in any form, media, product, service, or technology now known or hereafter developed for any purpose, including sale, manufacture, or advertising (and to exercise all intellectual property rights associated with such products or other works); and (iii) to use your name, screen name, location, photograph, avatar, image, voice, likeness, and biographical information provided in connection with the User Submission in any and all media and for advertising or promotional purposes. You also hereby grant each user of the Services a non-exclusive license to access your User Submission through the Services, and to tag, rate, review, comment on, use, reproduce, distribute, display, and perform such User Submission as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under this Agreement. Additionally, you irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of your User Submission that you may have under any applicable law or legal theory.
Interactive Features and Forums We may offer certain interactive features or services through which users can post or upload User Submissions or otherwise interact with the Services or something on them (each, a “Forum”). We do not endorse User Submissions posted in Forums, cannot guarantee the accuracy or authenticity of such User Submissions, and are acting only as a passive conduit for such User Submissions. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REMOVE ANY FORUM CONTENT, OF ANY VARIETY, AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON.
You acknowledge and agree that Forums are public spaces and that your participation in such Forums creates no expectation of privacy. Further, you acknowledge that any User Submissions you communicate in Forums may be seen and used by others. You understand that our staff, outside contributors, or other users connected with us may participate in Forums or other aspects of the Services and may employ anonymous usernames when doing so. Any user failing to comply with this Agreement may be expelled from and refused continued access to Forums in the future. However, we are not responsible for User Submissions that you or others choose to communicate in Forums, or for your actions or the actions of other users. IF YOU CHOOSE TO MAKE ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER USER SUBMISSIONS PUBLICLY AVAILABLE IN A FORUM OR OTHERWISE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
You acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right (but have no obligation) to do one or all of the following, at our sole discretion: (i) evaluate User Submissions before allowing it to be posted on the Services or any Forum; (ii) monitor User Submissions and Forums; (iii) alter, remove, reject, or refuse to post or allow to be posted, without notice to you, any User Submissions, for any reason or for no reason whatsoever; provided, however, that we shall have no obligation or liability to you for failure to do so or for doing so in any particular manner; and/or (iv) disclose any User Submissions, and the circumstances surrounding its transmission, to any third-party in order to operate a Services, to protect us, our visitors or others, to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests, to enforce this Agreement, or for any other reason or purpose we deem appropriate. If you see User Submissions on the Services that you believe violates this Agreement, please Contact Us .
While using the Services, you are required to comply with all applicable statutes, orders, regulations, rules, and other laws. You may not use the Services for any fraudulent or unlawful purpose, and you may not take any action to interfere with the Services or any other party’s use of the Services. In addition, we expect users of the Services to respect the rights and dignity of others. For example, you may not do any of the following without our consent:
Some of the Services may have chat, live support, or similar functionality to serve you better (“Chats”). You should review our Privacy Notice to learn how we treat information that could identify you gathered via a Chat. If you are signed into an Account while using a Chat, the Chat may link the Account information with you or the Chat interaction. You may not impersonate or attempt to gain information regarding another individual via a Chat. Information provided via a Chat may be inaccurate, and Chats may not always be available or error-free. Chats may be provided by third parties, and you may be entering into a contractual agreement with those third parties when you use the Chat. You should refer to the applicable Chat and its hyperlinks to learn more.
BY PARTICIPATING IN A TEXT MESSAGE PROGRAM, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE DISPUTES, ARBITRATION, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OF THIS AGREEMENT AS WELL AS THE REST OF THE TERMS HEREIN, INCLUDING THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
We offer our customers mobile alerts regarding sales, promotional events, new product releases, loyalty program alerts, cart reminders, and order and shipping alerts by SMS message (each a “ Text Message Program ”). By participating in a Text Message Program, you acknowledge your personal information is subject to our Privacy Notice .
Signing Up and Opting In to a Text Message Program
Enrollment in a Text Message Program requires you to provide your mobile phone number and to agree to this Agreement. You may not enroll if you are under eighteen (18) years old (or the applicable age of majority in your home state) or if you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement. We reserve the right to stop offering a Text Message Program and/or terminate your participation in a Text Message Program at any time with or without notice.
By opting into a Text Message Program, you:
Content You May Receive Once you opt-in to a Text Message Program, your message frequency may vary. You may receive alerts about:
Order Tracking and Delivery Alerts Opting Out and Seeking Assistance You may opt out of receiving text messages from us at any time by texting “STOP,” “END,” “UNSUBSCRIBE,” “CANCEL,” “QUIT,” or “PLEASE OPT ME OUT” to any of the text messages you have received from us. For a Text Message Program operated through a different number, text STOP to that number to opt out. Your opt-out request may generate either a confirmation text or a text request to clarify the Text Message Program to which it applies (if you have subscribed to more than one). To complete your opt-out, please provide the requested clarification. You acknowledge that the text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include the “STOP,” “END,” “UNSUBSCRIBE,” “CANCEL,” “QUIT,” or “PLEASE OPT ME OUT” keyword commands and agree that we and our service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such texts that do not contain such keyword commands. You understand and agree that the foregoing options are the only reasonable methods of opting out. You also understand and agree that any other method of opting out, including, but not limited to, texting words other than those set forth above or verbally requesting one of our employees to remove you from a Text Message Program list, is not a reasonable means of opting out. If you unsubscribe from one of our Text Message Programs, you may continue to receive text messages from us through any other programs you have joined until you separately unsubscribe from those programs. This Agreement will still apply if you withdraw the consent mentioned above or opt out of a Text Message Program.
If you need assistance at any time, or you forget what keywords are supported, just text “HELP” to the number sending the text message you received.
Cost and Frequency of Messages Message and data rates may apply. Please consult your service agreement with your wireless carrier or contact your wireless carrier to determine your phone’s pricing plan and the charges for sending and receiving text messages. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any message, data, or other charges incurred (usage, subscription, etc.) as a result of using a Text Message Program.
Text Message Programs are offered on an “as-is” basis and may not be available in all areas at all times and may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage, or other changes made by your wireless carrier. We will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with a Text Message Program.
Supported Carriers Supported carriers are AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Cricket, Alltel, Cincinnati Bell, Cellcom, C-Spire, nTelos, MetroPCS, and other smaller regional carriers. A Text Message Program may not be available on all wireless carriers. We may add or remove any wireless carrier from a Text Message Program at any time without notice. We and mobile carriers are not responsible for any undue delays, failure of delivery, or errors in messages.
Changing Your Phone Number If you change, forfeit, or deactivate the phone number you provided to us for a Text Message Program, you agree to notify us immediately of such change or to unsubscribe from the Text Message Program prior to changing, forfeiting, or deactivating the phone number. Failure to do so constitutes a material breach of this Agreement. To notify us or find out more information on our text message marketing programs, Contact Us . Our Privacy Notice applies to text message marketing programs.
We may provide on the Services, solely as a convenience to users, links to websites, social media pages, mobile applications, or other services operated by other entities. If you click these links, you will leave the Services. If you decide to visit any external link, you do so at your own risk, and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. We do not make any warranty or representation regarding, or endorse or otherwise sponsor, any linked websites, services, or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that we are legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo, or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links; or that any linked website or service is authorized to use any of our trademarks, logos, or copyright symbols.
Any information, statements, opinions, or other information provided by third parties and made available on the Services are those of the respective author(s) and not us. We do not guarantee the validity, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any opinion, advice, service, offer, statement, or other third-party content on the Services.
We may maintain a presence on and link to social media websites (collectively, “Social Media Pages”) to provide a place for people to learn more about us and our products and to share experiences with our products. When you visit these Social Media Pages, you are no longer on the Services, but rather a website operated by a third party. All comments, visuals, and other materials posted by visitors to our Social Media Pages do not necessarily reflect our opinions, values, or ideas. All visitors to our Social Media Pages must comply with the respective social media platform’s terms of use.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, APPLICATIONS, SERVICES AND RESOURCES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, DATA, ADVERTISING, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER MATERIALS ON OR AVAILABLE THROUGH SUCH THIRD PARTIES, IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE APPLICABLE TO SUCH SITES AND RESOURCES. PATAGONIA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES INCURRED AS A RESULT OF ANY DEALINGS WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE, ANY MERCHANT OR OPERATOR OF A THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE, OR ANY OTHER PERSON WITH WHOM YOU ENGAGE IN ANY TRANSACTION.
It is our policy to expeditiously respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). This section describes the information that should be present in these notices and the take down procedure we follow with respect to allegedly infringing material. If we receive proper notification of claimed copyright infringement, our response to these notices may include removing or disabling access to the allegedly infringing material and/or terminating or suspending users. If we remove or disable access in response to such a notice, we will make a good faith attempt to contact the provider of the allegedly infringing content so that they may make a counter notification pursuant to the DMCA. It is our policy to accommodate and not interfere with standard technical measures used by copyright owners to identify or protect their copyrighted works that we determine are reasonable under the circumstances.
If you believe that any Content on the Services infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, you may send a written notification to our designated copyright agent (the “Designated Agent”), identified below, with the following information:
Designated Agent: General Counsel Email: privacyandterms@patagonia.com Address: 259 W. Santa Clara Street, Ventura, CA 93001
To notify the provider of the allegedly infringing material to which we have removed or disabled access, we may forward a copy of your infringement notice, including your name and email address to the provider of the allegedly infringing material.
We may terminate users who, in our sole discretion, are deemed to be repeat infringers. Knowingly misrepresenting in a notification that material is infringing can subject you to damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer. If you receive an infringement notification from us, you may file a counter notification pursuant with our Designated Agent pursuant to the DMCA. To file a counter notification, please provide our Designated Agent with the following information:
Upon receipt of valid counter notification, we will promptly provide the person who provided the original infringement notification with a copy of your counter notification and inform that person that we will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in ten (10) business days. Further, we will replace the removed material and cease disabling access to it not less than ten (10), nor more than fourteen (14), business days following receipt of your counter notice, unless the Designated Agent first receives notice from the person who submitted the original infringement notification that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on the Services.
We may revise or otherwise change or update this Agreement from time to time. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of such changes. However, please check the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Agreement was last revised. When changes are made to this Agreement, they will become immediately effective when published on this page unless otherwise noted. We encourage you to periodically review this Agreement―there may have been changes to our policies that may affect you. If you do not agree to the Agreement as modified, then you must discontinue your use of the Services. Your continued use of the Services will signify your continued agreement to this Agreement as revised. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of material changes to this Agreement. Such efforts might include posting notice on the Services, an email to the address we have on file, or a message in your Account.
This Agreement applies exclusively to your access to, and use of, the Services and does not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with us for products, services, programs or otherwise. Additional terms, conditions, and/or policies may apply to use of specific portions of the Services and to the purchase of certain merchandise or services and are included as part of this Agreement, whether they reference this Agreement or not.
Any sweepstakes, contests, coupons, rebates, or other promotions made available through the Services may be governed by specific rules that are separate from this Agreement. By participating in any such promotion, you will become subject to those rules, which may vary from the terms set forth herein and which, in addition to describing such promotion, may have eligibility requirements, such as certain age or geographic restrictions. It is your responsibility to read the applicable rules to determine whether your participation, registration, submission, and/or entry are valid; you agree to read and abide by the applicable rules.
We have also adopted a Privacy Notice that you should refer to in order to fully understand how we use and collect information. To learn about our privacy practices, please refer to our Privacy Notice .
Should we employ you, none of the materials provided on a Site constitute or should be considered part of an employment contract or an offer for employment.
WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, VALIDITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES OR ANY OTHER SITES LINKED TO OR FROM THE SERVICES. DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE OBTAINING ANY CONTENT THROUGH THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
WE AND OUR AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, DIVISIONS AND RELATED COMPANIES AS WELL AS OUR AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND RETAILERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “RELEASEES”) WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, CONTENT OR EXTERNAL LINKS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DEFECTS, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR FAILURE.
RELEASEES WILL ALSO NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. RELEASEES ALSO SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ACTS, OMISSIONS OR CONDUCT OF ANY USER OR OTHER THIRD-PARTY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
REGARDLESS OF THE PREVIOUS SENTENCES, IF WE ARE FOUND TO BE LIABLE, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD-PARTY IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE ACTUAL TOTAL AMOUNT RECEIVED BY US FROM YOU IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM, OR THE LOWEST LIABILITY LIMITATION ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us and the Releasees and all of our directors, officers, employees, agents, shareholders, successors, assigns, and contractors harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, suits, actions, liabilities, judgments, losses, costs (including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees), or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (i) your breach of any provision of this Agreement; (ii) your activities in connection with the Services; or (iii) User Submissions or other information you provide to us through the Services. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT OR TO PURSUE CLAIMS IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY.
ARBITRATION USES A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR INSTEAD OF A JUDGE OR JURY, ALLOWS FOR MORE LIMITED DISCOVERY THAN IN COURT, AND IS SUBJECT TO VERY LIMITED REVIEW BY COURTS. YOU MAY CHOOSE TO BE REPRESENTED BY A LAWYER IN ARBITRATION OR PROCEED WITHOUT ONE. THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF, HOWEVER, EITHER THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER OR COORDINATED CLAIMS PROVISION BELOW ARE FOUND INVALID, THEN THE SPECIFIC INVALID PROVISION WILL BE UNENFORCEABLE AND WILL BE SEVERED AND THE REMAINDER OF THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS WILL REMAIN IN FULL FORCE.
Agreement to Arbitrate You and we agree that any dispute, claim or controversy, including those known or unknown that may be later discovered, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, other agreements on the Services, or the Privacy Notice , or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, shall be either determined by binding arbitration in Ventura, California before one arbitrator or submitted to small claims court in Ventura, California. If the arbitrator finds this location to be unreasonably burdensome to you, a new location may be selected or arbitration may be conducted over the phone, using video conferencing, or similar. You may be entitled to an in-person hearing near your place of residence. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. Any arbitration arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be conducted in accordance with the expedited procedures set forth in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures as those Rules exist on the effective date of this Agreement, including Rules 16.1 and 16.2 of those Rules.
No Class Actions YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIMS OR ARBITRATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING; CLASS ARBITRATIONS AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED AND YOU ARE AGREEING TO GIVE UP THE ABILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ARBITRATION OR CLASS ACTION. Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims with your claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
Jury Trial Waiver To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and Patagonia waive the right to a jury trial.
Seeking Arbitration If you elect to seek arbitration or file a small claim court action, you must first send to us, by certified mail, a written notice of your claim (“ Notice ”). The Notice to us must be addressed to: ATTN: General Counsel 259 W. Santa Clara Street, Ventura, CA 93001. If we initiate arbitration, we will send a written Notice to an email address you have previously provided to us, if available. We may also use any other means to contact you, including a message in your Account. A Notice, whether sent by you or by us, must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought (“ Demand ”). If you and we do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in small claims court. Arbitration forms can be downloaded from www.jamsadr.com . If you are required to pay a filing fee, after we receive Notice that you have commenced arbitration, we will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than US $10,000 or the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, in which event you will be responsible for filing fees.
Hearing If your claim is for US $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the JAMS Rules. If your claim exceeds US $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the JAMS Rules. In the event that the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of submitted documents, the arbitrator’s decision and award will be made and delivered within six (6) months of the selection of the arbitrator, unless extended by the arbitrator. Except as expressly set forth herein, the payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the JAMS Rules.
Award In the event arbitration awards you damages of an amount at least US $100 greater than our last documented settlement offer, we will pay your awarded damages or US $2,500, whichever is greater.
Injunctive Relief Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and we both agree that you or we may sue in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights or in other scenarios where injunctive relief is appropriate. In the event a court or arbitrator having jurisdiction finds any portion of this Agreement unenforceable, that portion shall not be effective, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain effective. No waiver, express or implied, by either party of any breach of or default under this Agreement will constitute a continuing waiver of such breach or default or be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
Confidentiality You and we shall maintain the confidential nature of the arbitration proceeding and the Award, including the hearing, except as may be necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration hearing on the merits, or except as may be necessary in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy, a judicial challenge to an award or its enforcement, or unless otherwise required by law or judicial decision.
Coordinated Proceedings If twenty-five (25) or more individuals initiate Notices of dispute with us raising similar claims, and counsel for the individuals bringing the claims are the same or are coordinated for these individuals (“ Coordinated Claims ”), the claims shall proceed in arbitration in a coordinated proceeding. Counsel for the individuals and our counsel shall each select five (5) cases to proceed first in arbitration in a bellwether proceeding (“ Test Cases ”). The remaining cases shall not be filed in arbitration until the first ten (10) have been resolved. If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining cases after the conclusion of the Test Cases, each side may select another five (5) cases to proceed to arbitration for a second bellwether proceeding. This process may continue until the parties have determined an objective methodology to make an offer to resolve each and every outstanding claim. A court will have authority to enforce this clause and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing of arbitration demands against us. Individuals bringing Coordinated Claims shall be responsible for up to US $250 of their filing fees or the maximum permissible under the applicable arbitration rules. All applicable statutes of limitations and defenses based upon the passage of time will be tolled while the Coordinated Proceedings specified in this Section are pending. We will take such action, if any, required to effectuate such tolling.
Governing Law and Rules This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, exclusive of conflict or choice of law rules. You and we acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C., Secs. 1-16). In any arbitration arising out of or related to this Agreement, the arbitrator is not empowered to award punitive or exemplary damages, except where permitted by statute, and the parties waive any right to recover any such damages. In any arbitration arising out of or related to this Agreement, the arbitrator may not award any incidental, indirect, or consequential damages, including damages for lost profits. The parties adopt and agree to implement the JAMS Optional Arbitration Appeal Procedure (as it exists on the effective date of this Agreement) with respect to any final award in an arbitration arising out of or related to this Agreement.
Severance of Arbitration Agreement If the clauses concerning and describing the procedures and obligations related to Coordinated Claims and Test Case procedures is or becomes invalid or unenforceable, then the remaining entire arbitration agreement and any clauses concerning, relating to, specifying, or otherwise describing the arbitration agreement shall be severed from this Agreement. However, any duty of confidentiality whether or not such duty is connected with arbitration shall survive such severance.
Modifications to the Services We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services and any service, content, features, or products offered through the Services at any time for any reason, without notice to you. We will have no liability to you or any third party for modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services, or any service, content, feature, or product offered through the Services. We may discontinue or restrict your use of the Services at any time for any reason, without notice.
Termination The Services and this Agreement are in effect until terminated by you or us. We may terminate this Agreement by notifying you using any contact information we have about you or by posting such termination on the Services, including in your Account. You may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of termination, including your detailed contact information and any Account information or other Site credentials, to us using the information in the Contact Us section. In addition to any right or remedy that may be available to us under applicable law, we may suspend, limit, or terminate all or a portion of your access to the Services or any of their features at any time with or without notice and with or without cause, including without limitation, if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement. We may be protected for liability from these actions under the Communications Decency Act, 47 U.S.C. § 230.
The provisions of this Agreement concerning protection of intellectual property rights, authorized use, user submitted content, disclaimers, limitations of liability, indemnity, and disputes, as well as any other provisions that by their nature should survive, shall survive any such termination.
Upon any such termination, (i) you must destroy all Content obtained from the Services and all copies thereof; (ii) you will immediately cease all use of and access to the Services; (iii) we may delete or disable access to any of your User Submission at any time; and (iv) we may delete your Account at any time. You agree that if your use of the Services is terminated pursuant to this Agreement, you will not attempt to use the Services under any name, real or assumed, and further agree that if you violate this restriction after being terminated, you will indemnify and hold us harmless from any and all liability that we may incur therefore. Your use of the Services after termination will be a violation of this Section, which survives any termination.
Even after the termination of this Agreement, your Account, access to the Services, or any User Submission you have posted or submitted may remain on the Services indefinitely.
Children The Services are not intended for the use of individuals under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect information online from children under the age of 16. If you are under the age of majority in your home state, which is 18 years in most states, you may not establish an Account, and you should use the Services only with the supervision of a parent or guardian who agrees to be bound by this Agreement. Additionally, certain Services or sections of the Services, as well as promotions, programs, and commerce we may offer on the Services, may be explicitly limited to people over the age of majority. If you are not old enough to access the Services or certain sections or features of the Services, you should not attempt to do so.
Consent to Communication When you use the Services or send communications to us through the Services, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive electronically any communications related to your use of the Services. We may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Services. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that are provided to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. All notices from us intended for receipt by you shall be deemed delivered and effective when sent to the email address you provide to us. Please note that by submitting User Submission, creating an Account, or otherwise providing us with your email address, postal address or phone number, you are agreeing that we or our agents may contact you at that address or number in a manner consistent with our Privacy Notice .
Waiver The failure of Patagonia to enforce any provisions of this Agreement or respond to a breach by you or other parties shall not in any way waive its right to enforce subsequently any terms or conditions of this Agreement or to act with respect to similar breaches.
Severability If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be replaced in interpretation by a valid and enforceable term that most closely aligns with the intent of the original provision. If that is not possible, the provision shall be removed, and the rest of the Agreement will be enforceable.
Force Majeure Under no circumstances will we be held liable for any delay or failure in performance due in whole or in part to any acts of nature or other causes beyond our reasonable control.
Assignment We may assign this Agreement at any time with or without notice to you. You may not assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without our prior written consent.
California Residents Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 .
If you are a California resident, you agree to consciously waive all claims, both known and unknown that may be later discovered and expressly forgo and waive all protections as by California Civil Code Section 1542, which states, “[a] general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.” By using this Site, you agree that these California Civil Code Section 1542 protections no longer apply to you.
New Jersey Residents If you are a consumer residing in New Jersey, the following provisions of this Agreement do not apply to you (and do not limit any rights that you may have) to the extent that they are unenforceable under New Jersey law: (i) Disclaimer of Warranty; (ii) Limitation of Liability; (iii) Indemnity; and (iv) under the Disputes, Arbitration, and Class Action Waiver section and the governing law provisions (solely to the extent that your rights as a consumer residing in New Jersey are required to be governed by New Jersey law). According to N.J.S.A. 56:12-16, you may have additional rights if you are a New Jersey resident and other provisions of this Agreement are found to violate an established legal right.
Contact
If you have questions about this Agreement, or if you have technical questions about the operation of the Services, please contact us through this online form or by writing us at 259 W. Santa Clara Street, Ventura, CA 93001. If you have any questions or comments about our company or our products or have other customer service needs, please contact our customer service representatives.
Trail Running
Shorts That Go the Distance
Lasting performance for all the ways you run.
Gear for the Trail
M's Airshed Pro Pullover
M's Peak Mission Tights - 28"
M's Houdini® Stash 1/2-Zip Pullover
M's Ridge Flow Shirt
M's Nano-Air® Light Vest
M's Strider Pro Shorts - 5"
M's Wind Shield Jacket
Airshed Pro Pullover
High-output protection from wind and drizzle.
Storm Racer Jacket
Ultralight waterproof, breathable protection.
We believe that every moment on the trails and in the mountains is an opportunity for connection—with ourselves, our communities and our home planet.
Trail Running Events
Trail running is as much about the people you share the trail with as it is about miles. Join us in building community and connection.
Strava Club
When we come together through a shared love of sport and Earth, we create something more powerful than a club. We create a community.
@patagonia_trailrunning
Patagonia Films®
Recently Added 102 Items
Staff Picks
A captain’s log from the biggest swell to hit O‘ahu’s outer reefs in recent memory.
Scenes from ground zero of the greatest surf event in seven years.
The indefinite history of FCD Surfboards.
Inside Yakutat Surf Club’s budding stoke scene in Southeast Alaska.
There’s more to life than three-to-the-beach, surf contest results and a clean cutback.
An exchange of waves and Indigenous cultural practices on the Pacific coast of Mexico.
The path to enlightenment begins at the world’s deadliest wave.
Exploring motherhood and meaningful play.
Where worthless and priceless collide.
Big Mineral Mining is tearing up the coastline and restricting access to some of South Africa’s most pristine beaches and waves—and it’s getting way out of hand.
Are the recent advancements in safety equipment and protocols making big-wave surfing more dangerous?
How Captain Liz Clark’s Tahitian residency opened a new chapter in her activist work.
Tapping into the beginner’s mind while teaching his daughter to surf.
Childhood friends, Hayley Talbot and Dan Ross, are determined to save a mighty river.
Building positivity, inspiration and purpose out of a racist encounter in Los Angeles.
This Great Lakes surfer never felt represented in the surf scene, so she created a new surf culture of her own.
Seasoned waterman, master woodworker and Patagonia Surf Ambassador Ben Wilkinson channels his skills toward a new environmental calling.
Ramón Navarro and Kohl Christensen bring Léa Brassy into the jaws of a Chilean monster.
How a nonprofit that takes San Francisco kids surfing expanded its work in 2020.
Coauthor Kim McCoy recounts discovering the mystery of what lies beneath the waves, where ocean and land meet and compete.
A look into surfing’s impact vests and the people they’ve brought back home.
Clyde Aikau on why the most culturally significant big-wave event in surfing will always matter.
Kohl Christensen discusses how BWRAG came to be and his recent near-death experience courtesy of Pipeline's reef.
Dave Rastovich and Greg Long log in and discuss the current state of surfing, its cultural and ecological impacts, and where it’s headed.
Meet Annie Reickert, the 18-year-old Maui charger Paige Alms is mentoring in the Jaws lineup and beyond.
Books
A Forest Journey: The Role of Trees in the Fate of Civilization (hardcover, published by Patagonia)
Waves and Beaches: The Powerful Dynamics of Sea and Coast (By Willard Bascom and Kim McCoy)
The Blue Plate: A Food Lover's Guide to Climate Chaos (hardcover, published by Patagonia)
Life Lived Wild: Adventures at the Edge of the Map (by Rick Ridgeway)
Surf Is Where You Find It: The Wisdom of the Waves: Any Time, Anywhere, Any Way (paperback, published by Patagonia)
Closer to the Ground by Dylan Tomine (Patagonia hardcover book)
Family Business: Innovative On-Site Child Care Since 1983, by Malinda Chouinard and Jennifer Ridgeway (hardcover book)
The Wolverine Way by Douglas Chadwick (Patagonia published paperback book)
Path of the Puma: The Remarkable Resilience of the Mountain Lion (hardcover book)
Training for the Uphill Athlete: A Manual for Mountain Runners and Ski Mountaineers by Kilian Jornet, Steve House and Scott Johnston (paperback book published by Patagonia)
A Temporary Refuge: Fourteen Seasons with Wild Summer Steelhead by Lee Spencer (hardcover book)
Paddling North: A Solo Adventure along the Inside Passage
Patagonia National Park: Chile
Sweet in Tooth and Claw: Stories of Generosity and Cooperation in the Natural World (Patagonia hardcover book)
Closer to the Ground by Dylan Tomine (Patagonia paperback book)
Regenerating Earth: Farmers Working with Nature to Feed Our Future (hardcover, published by Patagonia)
Headwaters: The Adventures, Obsession, and Evolution of a Fly Fisherman (by Dylan Tomine)
Simple Fly Fishing Revised Second Edition: Techniques for Tenkara and Rod & Reel (Patagonia paperback)
Unexpected: 30 Years of Patagonia Outdoor Photography (by Patagonia)
The New Alpinism Training Log by Steve House and Scott Johnston (Patagonia spiral bound paperback)
Salmon: A Fish, the Earth and the History of Their Common Fate (hardcover book published by Patagonia)
Was It Worth It?: A Wilderness Warrior's Long Trail Home (by Doug Peacock)
Some Stories: Lessons from the Edge of Business and Sport by Yvon Chouinard (hardcover book published by Patagonia)
Tools to Save Our Home Planet: A Changemaker's Guidebook (paperback, published by Patagonia)
The New Fish: The Truth about Farmed Salmon and the Consequences We Can No Longer Ignore (paperback, published by Patagonia)
Yosemite In the Sixties by Glen Denny (Patagonia hardcover book)
Four Fifths a Grizzly: A New Perspective on Nature that Just Might Save Us All (by Douglas Chadwick)
Beyond the Mountain by Steve House (Patagonia published paperback book)
Tracking Gobi Grizzlies: Surviving Beyond the Back of Beyond by Doug Chadwick (hardcover book)
The Future of the Responsible Company: What We've Learned from Patagonia's First 50 Years (paperback, published by Patagonia)
Let My People Go Surfing (Including 10 More Years of Business Unusual) by Yvon Chouinard (paperback book)
The Voyage of the Cormorant: A Memoir of the Changeable Sea by Christian Beamish (Patagonia published paperback book)
180º South: Conquerors of the Useless by Yvon Chouinard - Jeff Johnson - and Chris Malloy (Patagonia published paperback book)
Cracked: The Future of Dams in a Hot, Chaotic World (hardcover, published by Patagonia)
The Aloha Shirt: Spirit of the Islands, by Dale Hope (hardcover book)
Still Sideways: Riding the Edge Again after Losing My Sight (hardcover book published by Patagonia)
1% for the Planet
Since 1985, Patagonia has pledged 1% of sales to the preservation and restoration of the natural environment. We've awarded over $140 million in cash and in-kind donations to domestic and international grassroots environmental groups making a difference in their local communities. In 2002, founder of Patagonia, Yvon Chouinard, and Craig Mathews, owner of Blue Ribbon Flies, created a non-profit corporation to encourage other businesses to do the same.
1% for the Planet is an alliance of businesses that understand the necessity of protecting the natural environment. They understand that profit and loss are directly linked to its health, and are concerned with the social and environmental impacts of industry.
If you're a business owner (or have any influence over your boss), please consider becoming a member of this socially and environmentally progressive group. By contributing 1% of total annual sales to grassroots environmental groups, members of 1% for the Planet affect real change. And members receive other benefits: The satisfaction of paving the way for more corporate responsibility in the business community and the recognition, support and patronage of conscientious consumers who value serious commitment to the environment.
Climbing Stories
narinda heng finds out by taking public transit from Oakland to Yosemite National Park.
Sometimes releasing the need to summit is what gets you there.
In the male-dominated world of alpinism, Juliana García is leading the way for a new generation of female mountaineers.
Hard alpinism in the Cordillera Huayhuash endures as the climate changes the routes.
These women were forced to flee their homes in Afghanistan. Now the climbing community is helping them build a new one.
For these Afghan women, climbing in Yosemite is a connection to home.
A life full of great climbs with friends.
TM Herbert helped put up the first ascent of the Muir Wall in 1965. His son followed in his footsteps 55 years later.
One family sets the pace at a historic refuge near Chamonix, France.
Elder Wilson Wewa tells the creation story of Animal Village. Tara Kerzhner and Len Necefer consider how these stories can reshape stewardship.
An ode to Raúl Revilla Quiroz, one of the fathers of Mexican rock climbing.
Patagonia and Pop-Up Magazine Productions present a series about knowledge.
A conversation between Lor Sabourin and Madaleine Sorkin.
Charlie Fowler was a world-class alpinist; what did he find out in Colorado’s Wild, Wild West climbing area that kept him coming back?
Molly Kawahata on climate, climbing and the fight for systemic change.
On an intergenerational new routing trip in the Sierra, Tad McCrea asks, What if your best adventure is the one you’re already on?
As we make a transition to renewable sources of energy, let’s not renew the same old mistakes.
Lessons from a close one in Alaska.
When they urged climbers to stop using their best-selling product in 1972, Tom Frost and Yvon Chouinard laid the foundation for Patagonia’s work today.
Fifty years ago, Yvon Chouinard, Tom Frost and Doug Robinson set down an ethic for climbing that emphasized restraint and respect for the rock. In 2022, it’s needed more than ever.
Infant Capilene® Midweight Set
We recently became aware of a safety concern and are issuing a recall of the Patagonia Infant Capilene® Midweight Set, style number 60910.
This style was sold between August 1, 2021, and January 12, 2023. It includes a knitted bodysuit with snaps at the crotch and left shoulder, and matching pants.
Unfortunately, there was a single incident of a snap detaching from the bodysuit at the shoulder and being mouthed by an infant. The baby’s caregiver got the snap away, and the baby was not injured. However, due to the potential choking hazard we are launching a fast-track recall of this style and offering full refunds and free returns of these products.
Affected Colorways
The pants do not have snaps and present no known hazards. Feel free to keep those, if you prefer, and return only the bodysuit. You will receive a full refund in either case.
We take this matter very seriously. Our quality team is studying the failure, and we are doing our best to make sure an incident of this kind will not happen again.
Unfortunately, there has been a single incident of a snap detaching from the bodysuit at the shoulder and being mouthed by an infant. The baby’s caregiver got the snap away, and the baby was not injured. However, due to the potential choking hazard we are launching a fast-track recall of this style and offering full refunds and free returns of these products.
Yes, when you are dealing with products intended for children under 3, it is important that no small parts can detach and be mouthed.
Yes, you may return this style to any Patagonia store, no matter where you bought it. Patagonia staff will accept the return and ship the product directly back to our warehouse.
No, you should not return the product to any store other than a Patagonia store. If you aren’t near one of our retail locations, go online to receive a free shipping label and then send the product directly to Patagonia.
You do not need a receipt. You will receive a full refund for the item, even if the product was a gift.
They will be recycled in a responsible way. They will not be donated or resold anywhere in the world.
Our quality team is investigating the cause. We are revisiting the ways we use and attach snaps on our kids’ clothing and will make sure our closures are more secure.
No, you don’t have to send back the pants. It is entirely up to you. You can keep the pants or return them with the bodysuit. You will receive a full refund either way.
No, the Baby Capilene® Midweight Henley is not included in the recall. We have carefully reviewed the manufacturing processes and the safety-testing results for the Henley shirt, and it is not affected.
The friend fish deserve.
Those with the most to lose are uniting to save the Northwest’s salmon and steelhead.
The decline of aquatic insects should bug everyone.
Poet Cameron Keller Scott reads an excerpt from his piece, A River’s Own Name. View a video excerpt of A River’s Own Name at the link below. I. Valley Maker Suppose one day we were to wake up and understand the name of a river. Not the names we’ve given, but the name it asks us to…
Building community deep in the heart of Texas.
When the river means everything, nothing will stand in your way.
The toughest fish you’ll ever catch could knock a few minutes off your finish time at Flyathlon, a backcountry race in Colorado that combines trail running and fly fishing.
Paddling Salish and Nimiipuu home waters, once again.
Updating catch and release.
An excerpt from Dylan Tomine’s Headwaters: The Adventures, Obsession, and Evolution of a Fly Fisherman proves he was born to fish and born to write.
Taking off the bandages is just the beginning.
Tiny but mighty, herring might be the most important fish in the ocean.
Upstream of the Snake River dams in Idaho, Riggins waits for the fish to return.
Ohio’s burning river made headlines in 1969. Now, the Cuyahoga’s telling a new story.
Guiding queer identities in rural Idaho.
The Big Muddy is polluted. Securing the Driftless Area can help clean it.
Raising activist anglers.
Roots and recovery on Abaco and Grand Bahama Islands.
Rule changes and the future of the Olympic Peninsula’s wild steelhead.
The last days of the Klamath River dams.
Protecting the Gulf of Mexico from illegal fishing.
50th Anniversary Wild And Scenic Rivers Act
A Small Florida Town Was Once Host to the World’s Largest Tarpon. What Happened?
Conservation, fishing and the 2020 election.
Of forests, fire and fish.
Patagonia Fly Fish releases “We Stand for the Water We Stand In” poster.
Are public lands still “public” when you can’t access them?
A bold plan to kick net-pen salmon farms out for good.
For a closer look at the dangers a toxic sulfur-ore copper mine poses to the more than 1,000,000 acres of backcountry in the Boundary Waters, please see our accompanying film, “A Northern Light,” (below) Encompassing more than 1,000,000 acres along the US-Canada border, the fresh water, wilderness habitat and sustainable jobs of the Boundary Waters…
What We Fish for When We Fish for Carp
How Casper reimagined the North Platte.
River snorkeling’s miserable beauty.
Design Stories
6,000 words about dressing for alpine climbing you didn’t know you needed to know.
85% of Patagonia’s polyester this season is recycled. Using recycled polyester, rather than virgin petroleum polyester, reduced our seasonal carbon emissions by over 5,600 metric tons of CO₂e.
Eighty percent of the down we're using this season is recycled. The new down is Advanced GTDS Certified.
A tale of tinkering.
Building a house to withstand winter.
Best job in the world?
There’s nothing more important than having waves a few minutes away.
Who gets hypothermia on purpose? This guy.
Patagonia Designers on the ‘Celebrating Public Lands’ Collection
At Fletcher Chouinard Designs, the focus is on durable, high-performing equipment that lets you have fun no matter what the ocean is doing. There are never enough hours in a day for Fletcher Chouinard. As a surfer, shaper, kiteboarder and new father, he was really doing the dance. Then along came foilboarding, which has made…
There’s almost nothing that hasn’t been done in an R1 fleece.
Before we could challenge the snow industry to move to recycled materials, we had to change our thinking, too. There are a number of ways to reduce a garment’s impact, but none more significant than making it out of recycled fabric. Doing so keeps material out of landfills and cuts demand for the petroleum used…
Three years ago, we set out to make a new fleece fabric using natural fibers that were light on the land. Our inspiration came from an old sweater, a weather-beaten merino pullover worn by founder Yvon Chouinard in Patagonia’s early days. It had all the properties that have made wool a staple for centuries of…
To celebrate over three decades of Baggies™ shorts, we dug through our archives so we could share the stories behind a few iconic photos.
When I think about climbing, I don’t think about summits. I see serrated ridgelines rising and falling between earth and sky, and sunlight slipping between spires, casting the shadows of giants onto rubble-strewn rivers of ice below, curving, moving, bending with the passage of time. I remember my partners and I, roped together with no…
At Patagonia, our best ideas come from being in the field. But sometimes simple problems inspire complex solutions. That’s been the case with the development of insulation. Down gets wet and loses its heat-trapping loft, and synthetics never quite achieve the same warmth, lightness or compressibility as down plumes. We’ve tried everything from treated down…
“For us, the tide is the boss,” says Adam James of Hama Hama Oysters, a fifth-generation, family-run shellfish farm on Washington’s Puget Sound. “In late August and September, we’ll be out there on the beach harvesting at 3 or 4 a.m., and when the sun finally comes up you can’t help but pause. It reminds…
Miles Johnson, our senior creative director, oversees the work of all our designers in both technical and sportswear categories, as well as the product development and textile, graphics and color teams. We caught up with Miles recently at the picnic tables outside our child care center to ask him about his life and work and…
It didn’t take long for Ben Wilkinson to figure out that there was freedom to be had in working for himself—and that freedom was the first requirement if he wanted to go surfing whenever the waves got huge. “I left home when I was 16,” he remembers, “which was old enough in my eyes. But…
Patagonia is an unusual workplace in many ways, and the fact that employees are encouraged to incorporate environmental activism into their daily work is just one of the characteristics that sets our company apart. The realities of running a business are important, but we’re always aware that our business has to serve the more pressing…
Forty-five years ago, the old school North American outdoor uniform was basically colored in khaki, denim blue and olive green. Not only were the colors monotonous, but the dyes used were mostly petroleum based. Imagine no Craft Pink as vivid as the beavertail cactus flower. No Galah Green as bright as the waters off the…
Kitesurfing Stories
By Jessica Salcido For the past few years, a small group of kiters here at Patagonia have participated in Kiteboarding 4 Cancer, a spectacularly beautiful kite race in Hood River, Oregon designed to raise money for the survivor-focused nonprofit, Athletes 4 Cancer. Cancer has impacted all of our lives—we’ve loved and cared for friends, family,…
More mining and drilling in America's Arctic will push us away from a livable Earth and further into climate chaos. Right now, you can help protect our climate, local communities and biodiversity by asking our government to stop extraction in three areas under threat in Alaska.
Take Action
Patagonia’s self-imposed Earth tax, 1% for the Planet, provides support to environmental nonprofits working to defend our air, land and water around the globe.
We’re connecting individuals with Patagonia grantees, to take action on the most pressing issues facing the world today. Patagonia Action Works helps you discover events, petitions and skilled volunteering opportunities in your backyard and donate money to local causes.
Act Now
Discover the most pressing stories from environmental protectors across the world.
Get Inspired
The Refuge
The public comment period has closed. Thank you for helping defend the Refuge.
Defend the Refuge
Spanning nearly 20 million acres of traditional Gwich'in and Iñupiat lands, the Arctic Refuge is one of the most biodiverse places on the planet. But the climate crisis is quickly destabilizing the region, threatening the ecosystems that local Native communities depend upon and have fought to protect from Big Oil for decades. The Biden administration recently canceled former President Trump’s illegal oil leases in the Refuge—but we need to do more. Thank you for submitting comments to President Biden during the open comment period to help advance maximum federal protections in the region.
The Reserve
The public comment period has closed. Thank you for helping protect the Reserve.
Protect the Reserve
The 23-million-acre Reserve in Alaska’s Western Arctic is the largest tract of U.S. public land, home to hundreds of species at increased risk from a warming climate and to Indigenous communities who have lived off the land for millennia. Without strong climate policy, new drilling in the Reserve will further threaten the region and lock the U.S. into decades of fossil fuel production. Thank you for submitting comments to President Biden to expand protections for the Reserve.
The Range
The public comment period has closed. Thank you for helping save the Brooks Range.
Save the Range
In the Brooks Range of northern Alaska, the proposed 211-mile Ambler Road project would cut through one of the largest connected park landscapes in the country, pollute nearly 3,000 rivers and streams, disrupt the migration corridor of one of Earth’s largest caribou herds and threaten key hunting grounds and water sources vital to local Native communities.
Snow
Papsura
From First Light to Last Turns
Earning your turns takes many forms. Our line of snow gear spans the gamut, providing quick-wicking breathability and unrestricted movement on the skintrack and unrelenting storm protection to keep you warm and dry when Old Man Winter is really going off.
Ambassador Kits
Our snow sport ambassadors each have their own style of getting up and down the mountain, be it wind-lip surfing or multiweek expeditions, and it’s reflected in both the tracks they leave behind and the kit they choose to get there.
Marie-France Roy
Popping pillows, cranking methods, laying out the perfect heel side turn—watching Marie-France Roy on her splitboard is a master class in style and power.
Forrest Shearer
Born and raised by the swell of the Pacific Ocean, Forrest Shearer never misses a chance to slash a wind lip, surf fresh powder or rail the perfect carve.
Leah Evans
Leah Evans knows that in British Columbia’s Selkirk Mountains, earning truly world-class descents takes being keen on stormy weather and stout skintracks.
Gear for the Snow Globe
Our snow gear is designed and relentlessly tested for the deepest days, toughest skintracks and stormiest conditions, and built with impact-reducing materials to protect winter the best we can.
M's Storm Shift Jacket
M's Storm Shift Pants
M's Powder Town Jacket
M's Powder Town Pants
M's Untracked Jacket
M's Untracked Bibs
M's Untracked Pants
M's Insulated Storm Shift Jacket
W's Storm Shift Jacket
W's Powder Town Jacket
W's Powder Town Pants
W's Untracked Jacket
W's Untracked Bibs
W's Untracked Pants
W's Insulated Storm Shift Jacket
W's Insulated Storm Shift Pants
M's Fitz Roy Down Hoody
W's Nano-Air® Light Vest
M's DAS® Parka
M's Capilene® Midweight Crew
M's Capilene® Midweight Zip-Neck
M's Capilene® Midweight Bottoms
W's Capilene® Midweight Crew
W's Capilene® Midweight Zip-Neck
W's Capilene® Midweight Bottoms
M's Capilene® Thermal Weight Crew
M's Capilene® Thermal Weight Zip-Neck
Stories from the Skintrack
@patagonia_snow
Men's Snow
Women's Snow
Snow Packs & Gear
Feature: Squeaky Wheels, Wild Fish and Carrot Sticks
Climate and sustainability journalist Yessenia Funes writes to her future child—the one she hopes to have and has been afraid of bringing into our world.
When the fish stop flourishing, a few local Scots take matters into their own hands, one seagrass bed at a time.
A threat to dolphins is a threat to us.
Saving South Korea’s forgotten underwater forests isn’t just a commitment. For Mr. Ji, it’s a calling.
Ramón Navarro joins the Kawésqar community on a journey to protect their ancestral waters in Chilean Patagonia.
An excerpt from Steven Hawley’s book about dirty dams—and their methane problem.
Even when the demands of a protest are not met, it can have lasting, immeasurable consequences.
Albania’s untamed Vjosa River introduces a new model for global water conservation.
An excerpt from Patagonia’s republished version of A Forest Journey , about what the loss of trees has meant for past life on our planet.
The women fighting for Southern Resident orcas.
In Southeast Alaska, tribal leaders and local entrepreneurs are helping shape a kelp industry that prioritizes Indigenous values, regenerative practices and a commitment to Alaska Native shareholders.
Francisco “Pacho” Gangotena and his wife opted to challenge the way farming was done in their region and are instead going back to the roots of ancient agriculture.
The supreme court’s least-bad, bad ruling on climate, and some options President Biden still has.
Patagonia Events
Explore events both in and outside of our stores with local nonprofits, films and other ways to connect through the power of sport, community and nature.
Protect Lands and Waters
Nature is in crisis. Threatened by habitat loss, pollution, overexploitation and climate change, our planet’s intricate web of ecosystems—which all life depends on—is unraveling at unprecedented rates. On top of these stressors, our public lands are under attack. Join us to stay ready to defend our public lands and waters.
Our public lands are not for sale.
A feature-length documentary about America’s system of public lands and the fight to protect them.
Find An Environmental Group to Support
Gaining speed. Banking turns. Everything else just falls away.
Terravia Mini Hip Pack 1L
Atom Sling 8L
Terravia Hip Pack 4L
Kids’ & Baby Clothing
Kids' & Baby New Arrivals 8 Items
Baby Down Sweater™
Kids' Nano Puff® Brick Quilt Jacket
Kids' Down Sweater™
Kids' Micro D® Snap-T® Jacket
Baby Hi-Loft Down Sweater™ Hoody
Baby Reversible Down Sweater™ Hoody
Kids' Torrentshell 3L Rain Jacket
Warm Weather Favorites
Gear for squeezing out every last minute of daylight on those longer days.
Baby Capilene® Silkweight Hoody
Baby Micro D® Crew
Baby Long-Sleeved Capilene® Silkweight T-Shirt
Baby Graphic T-Shirt
Baby Dancing Dawn T-Shirt
Baby Fitz Roy Skies T-Shirt
Baby Long-Sleeved Graphic T-Shirt
Baby Capilene® Silkweight T-Shirt
Kids' P-6 Logo T-Shirt
Kids' Graphic T-Shirt
Kids' Capilene® Silkweight Hoody
Kids' Long-Sleeved Capilene® Silkweight Rashguard
Kids' Lightweight Insulated Fjord Jacket
Kids' Capilene® Silkweight T-Shirt
Baby Corduroy Joggers
Baby Sweatpants
Infant Hi-Loft Down Sweater™ Bunting
Baby Boardshorts
Baby Capilene® Silkweight Bottoms
Baby Micro D® Bottoms
Baby Sweatshorts
Kids' Funhoggers® Shorts
Kids' Sweatshorts
Kids' Multi Trails Shorts - 4"
Kids' Outdoor Everyday Shorts - 6"
Baby Block-the-Sun Hat
Baby Sun Bucket Hat
Kids' Trim Brim Hat
Kids' Quandary Pants
Kids' Outdoor Everyday Pants
Designed for Kids
Youngsters are tough customers. We make our kids’ clothes to fit and feel good during a day of serious play. It’s just a bonus that parents find them practical and well-made, too.
Built to Hand Down
Made Responsibly
Made to Last
Designed for Fun
@patagoniakids
Babies & Toddlers (0 - 5T)
Boys' (5 - 18)
Girls' (5 - 18)
A Family of Five on the PCT
How one young family took on 1,300 miles of the Pacific Crest Trail.
Kids’ Stories
Men's Mountain Bike Clothing & Gear
Trail Craft Vest
Sam Robson leaves us in the dust during golden hour in the forest of Bourg-Saint-Maurice, France.
M's Long-Sleeved Dirt Craft Jersey
M's Dirt Craft Pants
M's Dirt Roamer Jacket
M's Dirt Roamer Bike Shorts - 12½"
M's Dirt Roamer Liner Shorts
M's Dirt Roamer Storm Pants
M's Dirt Roamer Storm Jacket
M's Merino Blend 3/4-Sleeved Bike Jersey
M's Dirt Roamer Liner Bibs
M's Dirt Craft Bike Shorts - 12½"
M's Trail Craft Vest
Dirt Roamer Waist Pack 3L
M's Nether Bike Shorts
M's Landfarer Bike Shorts - 10"
M's Landfarer Bike Shorts - 13"
Tales from the Trails 50 Items
Designed on-bike and built with quick-wicking fabrics, our men’s mountain bike short- and long-sleeved shirts and jerseys manage moisture and body temperature on any ride, in all conditions.
Patagonia’s Privacy Notice
Transparency and trust are the foundation of our relationship, including when you buy the products we make and engage in our efforts to fulfill our mission of saving our home planet. We understand you’ve landed on this page seeking clarity about how Patagonia is using your data, not to decode a legal chronicle of oxford commas and clauses. This shouldn’t be complicated, the short version is we gather your name, email address, and mailing address so we can do things like deliver your order, take back what you return, and repair what needs to be fixed. We also use your information to improve our website experience and introduce you to products or environmental campaigns we’re working on that we think you may be interested in. We “sell” your name, mailing address, and purchase history to a marketing cooperative named Epsilon who distribute our seasonal journals and catalogs or mailers from similar companies. If you want to take control of how we can (or can’t) use your personal information, visit our Privacy Rights page. Read on for more details.
You have the right to:
Depending on the state you live in, you can designate an authorized agent to submit some of these Privacy Rights requests on your behalf. If you’ve submitted a request and aren’t thrilled with our response, you can contact us to appeal our decision by sending an email with the subject line “Appeal.” Not all of the rights above are absolute and they don’t apply in all circumstances. We won’t discriminate against individuals who exercise their privacy rights under applicable law.
We’ll share your personal information with service providers and/or third parties for business purposes in the following scenarios:
We use your information to enhance your experience and to help us operate responsibly and effectively. Some examples of ways we use your information are:
To Provide and Improve Our Services
To Communicate and Connect With You
To Support Our Mission and Partnerships
To Protect Our Community and Comply With the Law
To Manage Our Business
We use information we collect about you to develop a comprehensive understanding of your engagement with Patagonia’s various offerings including activism, circularity, sport, and product, but we will never use the information collected from Patagonia Action Works or other areas of Patagonia Services that are identified as related to activism efforts, such as opportunities to donate to activist groups, to send you advertising and marketing for Patagonia commercial products (e.g., apparel, packs, accessories).
Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with our affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control). If a company acquires or enters negotiations to acquire our company, business, or assets, we may share information with that company.
Service Providers. We share your information with service providers. Service providers help us to run our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, fulfill orders, and more.
Co-Branded Promotions. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third-party partners. If you enter one that is sponsored by a third-party partner, the information that you give may be shared with us and them. Their use of your information is not governed by this Notice.
Public. Some of our websites may allow for comments or reviews in a public forum. If you post on these pages, what you share may be publicly available.
Professional Services. We may share personal information with our professional service providers, such as auditors or lawyers.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent. We may share your information with third parties when you consent or direct us to, such as third-party payment processors.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may share information to prevent fraud, cooperate with law enforcement, participate in a legal process, or for legal compliance. We may share your data to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against legal claims, to investigate, prevent, or act on possible illegal activities, threats to safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies. Your information may be shared to ship products to or provide services by a third-party agent.
Some jurisdictions require us to disclose whether the following categories of personal information are disclosed for a business purpose or are “sold” or shared for valuable consideration. Below is a summary of the categories of personal information we may disclose and sell or share with the context:
It varies. As long as you’re a customer, your account will remain in our system. If you decide to part ways, we’ll delete your information in a reasonable timeframe (unless otherwise specified through a Privacy Rights request). We’re obligated to retain certain records by law for certain business purposes, such as satisfying legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, but we won’t retain them for longer than necessary. In some cases, we may retain data in a deidentified form. This means the information has been stripped of personal identifiers and you can’t be reasonably reidentified.
Our online services are not intended for the use of individuals under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect information online from individuals under the age of 16.
Our websites may contain links to third-party online properties that we don’t own or operate. These third parties have their own policies that govern their collection, use, and disclosure of information. We suggest that you read their privacy notices to learn more about their practices. Social media provides tools that many of our customers use and enjoy, and we include links to various social media platforms on our websites. If you interact with these social media tools through our websites, your experience on those social media sites will be governed by the privacy notices and other policies of those specific sites. The privacy settings you’ve selected on those sites will determine the degree to which your information is made public. We encourage you to manage your privacy settings on those sites accordingly.
We have reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative measures in place to help safeguard the security of the information we collect. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we can’t guarantee the security of information about you. If we’re required to inform you of a security incident, we will do so electronically, in writing, or by phone, as the law permits.
When creating a Patagonia account, you’re responsible for selecting a complex password and keeping it confidential. You’re responsible for any access to, or use of, your account by someone who’s obtained your password, whether or not you’ve approved access or use. Notify us of unauthorized use of your password or account immediately.
We’re based in the U.S. and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. If you’re accessing our services from outside the U.S., please be aware that information collected may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Data protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of our services, or decision to provide information through our services, therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of information about you in the U.S. and other jurisdictions as set out in this Privacy Notice.
Additional Information For California Residents
California law requires us to disclose the following information on our privacy practices. If you’re a California resident, the following disclosures apply to you in addition to the rest of this Notice.
California Shine the Light: We share your name, mailing address, and purchase history to the trusted third-party partner below so they can send you our journals and catalogs or mailers from similar companies:
Epsilon 6021 Connection Drive Irving, TX 75039
California Notice of Financial Incentive: We offer perks, like discounts and exclusive offers when you sign up. We might ask for your name, email address, and in some cases, your phone number. Participating in these programs is entirely optional. Under California law, this might be considered a “financial incentive” as it involves collecting personal information. We don’t assign monetary value to the data we collect. Based on our reasonable estimate, the value of your personal information to us is related to the value of the free or discounted products or services you get when you use the offers. This value is based on the cost related to offering those free or discounted products or services.
California Sensitive Information Disclosure: We collect the following categories of sensitive personal information (as defined under California law): Credit or debit card numbers to process transactions, comply with laws, manage our business, or provide services and precise geolocation to connect you with the nearest Patagonia store. We don’t use sensitive personal information for any purposes that are not identified within the California Privacy Rights Act Section 1798.121. We don’t “sell” or “share” sensitive personal information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising.
Thanks for reading this far! This Notice and our privacy practices will evolve over time, check back regularly for updates. Most changes are minor, but if the changes are material, we’ll flag you down on the main page. Our Notice shows “effective” and “last updated” dates below, the effective date is when the current version took effect, the last updated date is the date the current version was substantively changed.
If you have questions, comments, or complaints related to our privacy practices, or if you need to access this Notice in a different form due to a disability, please contact us. We will try to address your requests and provide you with additional privacy related information.
privacyandterms.us@patagonia.com Patagonia Customer Service 8550 White Fir Street Reno, NV 89523
1-800-638-6464
Food Stories
Revolutions start from the bottom
Indigenous people once shared a deep bond with the Plains bison. To revive that connection, a Cheyenne River Sioux community leader is leading by example and teaching his knowledge to others.
Harmonizing with invisible organisms, and other Japanese brewing wisdom.
Finding ways to grow food and sow hope in a small apartment in Chicago.
One young couple’s unexpected career path of farming sea vegetables drew them back to their roots and brought a promising climate-change solution to their coastal hometown.
Why we’re backing breadfruit.
A yearslong quest to find the right chile.
Melinda Daniels is huddled under the shelter of her purple tent waiting for the rain to start, which only seems odd when you consider the context: she’s in the middle of a farm on a blindingly sunny day.
The path to more fruitful farming.
For this climber, good food is activism.
A conversation with Leah Penniman, author of Farming While Black .
As seen in the November 2019 Journal. For the recipe behind Carston’s Spicy Magic Sauce, scroll to the end of the story. Although my tongue felt as if it might melt, Carston Oliver assured me I was not, in fact, going to die. “That’s just the capsaicin,” he told me, as he calmly ordered some…
A soil junkie explains no-till practices for regenerative agriculture.
In the last 20 years, the expansion of salmon farming in open-net pens has led to the loss of half the wild salmon population in Norway. On average, 200,000 farmed fish escape from open-net pens and many of them swim up rivers in Norway and breed with wild stocks, contributing to species decline. According to…
Standing Up Against Industrial Fish Farming That Would Forever Alter A Unique Australian Beachbreak The day we arrived on King Island we drove out to Martha Lavinia Beach, where we stood in the dunes and watched waves running down the beach—long left-handers breaking so fast they were almost impossible to surf. However, Martha Lavinia wasn’t…
Sustainable Solutions from a Seattle Seafood Chef
The promise of regenerative organic agriculture. “The problem is that we’re all taught to farm up,” David Oien says, leading me into a field of low-growing plants that I will later learn to recognize as lentils. I try to think of what alternative there might be to farming upward. Outward? As I puzzle over this,…
A conversation with regenerative agriculture pioneer Charles Massy
If the present status-quo of soil loss, carbon pollution and planetary warming continue, we’re looking at just 60 more harvests before we can no longer grow 95 percent of the food we humans rely upon to live. At the same time, the way to prevent this calamity is at hand: regenerative organic agriculture. This is…
When you sit down to write an eye-catching essay about seafood, your first instinct is to go with one of the sleek and sexy creatures that have historically captured the human imagination. Salmon battling 20-knot currents to reach their spawning grounds at the headwaters of the world’s mightiest rivers. Bluefin tuna charging faster than thoroughbred…
When I was a kid, the Connecticut River was my Yukon. I spent many days working alongside the river or canoeing its islands and backwaters in search of crabs, snapper, blues, ducks and alewives—amazing silvery fish that brave the depths of the Atlantic to feed and grow and then return to these meandering brooks to…
On Saturday, at Natural Products Expo West, the Regenerative Organic Alliance unveiled our new certification. Here is an excerpt from my speech and make sure to watch our video. In 2012, we started Patagonia Provisions, a food company focused on products sourced in innovative ways that benefit and regenerate the planet. And the more we learn about food,…
Si el presente status-quo de erosión de suelos, contaminación por carbono y calentamiento planetario continúa, estamos ante tan solo 60 cosechas más antes que podamos dejar de cultivar el 95% de los alimentos de los que dependemos los humanos para vivir. Al mismo tiempo, la manera de prevenir esta calamidad está al alcance de la…
We’re happy to welcome Stonyfield to the B Corp community. When Patagonia was young we felt kinship mostly with companies in the outdoor industry and our friends who worked there. Two companies we admired in the then unfamiliar territory of food included Ben & Jerry’s and Stonyfield, which grew out of an organic farming school…
In recent years, we’ve seen a boom in production and sales of organic foods worldwide. The global organic food market is expected to grow by 16 percent between 2015 and 2020, a faster rate than conventionally-grown foods. This seems like good news—but in truth, organic farming makes up just a tiny fraction of the global agriculture…
I’d like to introduce Patagonia’s friends and customers to the work of GreenWave, if you don’t already know it. GreenWave and its 3D ocean farming program have received much attention lately from the national press, including The New Yorker, CNN and NPR. Bren Smith, founder and executive director of GreenWave, gave a TED talk that…
Today, we’re pleased to share our latest short film, Unbroken Ground, directed by Chris Malloy (180° South) and presented by Patagonia Provisions. It stems from the belief that our food can and should be a part of the solution to the environmental crisis—grown, harvested and produced in ways that restore our land, water and wildlife.…
Patagonia Group Sales
Responsible ways to outfit your crew.
Equipment
Daypacks
Our daypacks feature intuitive organization and durable constructions for wherever you’re bound. They’re built from recycled polyester with a durable water repellent coating made without intentionally added PFAS, or from 100% organic cotton canvas with a PU coating. Made in a Fair Trade Certified™ factory. Imported.
Fleece
Better Sweater®
Made with a warm 100% recycled polyester fabric that looks like wool, our Better Sweater® jackets and vests have a soft fleece interior and a sweater-knit face. All Better Sweater styles (excluding gloves) are made in a Fair Trade Certified™ factory. Imported.
Outerwear
Nano Puff®
Warm, windproof and water-resistant, our Nano Puff® styles are made with 100% postconsumer recycled content. They’re insulated with lightweight and highly compressible 60-g PrimaLoft® Gold Insulation Eco and wrapped in a 100% recycled polyester shell and lining. Made in a Fair Trade Certified™ factory. Imported.
Tech Tees & Baselayers
An ideal companion on the trail or in the water, our Capilene® Cool Daily tech tops keep you comfortable when you’re working hard in conditions ranging from cool to hot. They’re quick drying and stretchy, and made from 50–100% recycled polyester with HeiQ® Mint odor control. Made in a Fair Trade Certified™ factory. Imported.
Since 1985, Patagonia has pledged 1% of sales to the preservation and restoration of the natural environment. Learn how your company can be part of this global network working to support people and the planet.
The climate crisis is an existential threat, and every part of Patagonia’s business is implicated. We must radically reduce carbon emissions by transforming how we make our products. We must also double down on our work to help communities get off fossil fuels and protect nature, the original climate solution. And we must demand nothing short of systemic change from government and industry. The fight is on every front.
Purchasing offsets to get to carbon neutral doesn’t erase the footprint we create and won’t save us in the long run. If our goal was to cut emissions from our owned and operated stores, offices and distribution centers, we’d be good. But the bulk of our emissions—95%—comes from our supply chain and materials manufacturing. We take responsibility for all of it.
We have set ambitious goals across our company and our network of partners in alignment with a set of standards provided by the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi). SBTi has a robust target-setting and validation process that our company underwent giving us confidence that our goals align with the latest science and the 2015 Paris Agreement’s commitment to limit warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. SBTi uses three “scopes*” or areas of a business to help companies like ours focus their efforts.
Scope 1 & 2: “Globally owned and operated” covers the stores, offices and distribution centers we own and operate. Scope 3: “Employee Travel” covers our employee travel for business purposes, but is not inclusive of employee commuting. “Transportation” covers both inbound from our finished goods facilities to our distribution centers (DCs) and global retail regions as well as outbound from our DCs to our stores and customers. Transportation of our raw materials is included in the Raw Materials Manufacturing category. “Finished goods manufacturing” covers our final product assembly, cutting/sewing and any affiliated garment process like washing and printing. This is also referred to as Tier 1 in the industry. “Raw Materials Manufacturing” covers Tiers 2, 3 and 4: the origin of the fiber from the farm/recycler (Tier 4), processing of raw materials into yarn and other intermediate products (Tier 3), and material production including dyeing and finishing (Tier 2).
Here is what we signed up for:
Near-Term – FY2030
Long-Term – FY2040
We acknowledge that the latest science may change, and Patagonia is committed to adapting to the most robust targets to do our part in keeping warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. While target language may change over time, our ambition and focus on cutting absolute greenhouse gas emissions will not.
The Ways We Cut Our Carbon
From petroleum-based polyester threads woven on fossil fuel-powered machines, to chemical waterproofing treatments and shipping clothes in 100% recycled, GRS-certified polybags, we’re enmeshed in carbon emissions. Here are some of the ways we’re reducing our footprint.
Transforming how we do business is a crucial lever, but the climate crisis demands much more. We support community-led efforts to go fossil-fuel-free and protect nature. We will also use any power and influence we have to meet climate change with systems change.
Men's Trail Running Clothing
M's Terrebonne Shorts - 10"
M's Trailfarer Shorts - 6"
M's Strider Pro Shorts - 7"
M's Storm Racer Jacket
M's Endless Run Shorts - 6"
M's Capilene® Cool Trail Graphic Shirt
M's Wind Shield Pants
M's Endless Run Tights
M's Nano-Air® Light Hybrid Hoody
Community Stories
Life on the deck of Hokule’a , the double-hulled canoe that sails around the world using only ancient wayfinding techniques.
Struggling with a mental health crisis, one woman returns to the waters that raised her and finds healing in the ocean.
Patagonia in the ‘70s through the lens of photographer Gary Regester.
A former city kid finds answers and empowerment in nature.
The remarkable relationship between Hidetoshi Matsubara and his birds of prey.
When your goal is to raise children in wild places, it helps if you’re flexible.
Shawn Hayes leads a life of devotion. For him, falconry is more than a deep partnership with raptors: it’s his life’s work.
Teresa Baker, Pattie Gonia, José González and Gabaccia Moreno bring a new initiative to the outdoor community.
Out of necessity, Jacqueline Sangueza loved fishing nets before she loved the ocean.
First-generation Vietnamese American Mai Nguyen follows in the footsteps of their agrarian ancestors with a farm that grows numerous types of grains with a no-till, anti-fertilizer regenerative approach.
The story of Naelyn Pike, a 21-year-old Chiricahua Apache, and her fight to keep sacred Apache land from becoming a copper mine.
Cydney Knapp and her husband, Bartek, knew they wanted to raise their kids to love the outdoors, so they learned how to navigate change and embraced the chaos.
How a mother’s own childhood experience on the Appalachian Trail shaped the way she teaches her four children to find nature in the heart of New York City.
Our Acknowledgment
We’re learning how to become an antiracist company.
Moving toward a new day requires reflection. It requires reckoning with our failures, taking time to really listen, and honoring what we’ve missed. Cerro Chaltén gets one of its many names from a Tehuelche (Aónikenk) word meaning “smoking mountain”—for the clouds that frequent its peaks. Patagonia. Photo: Mikey Schaefer
Patagonia has struggled to find the right words to respond to the murders of Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor, George Floyd, Tony McDade, Dijon Kizzee, and far too many others. We’ve also struggled to express our support for the racial justice movement sweeping the country. The few words we have conveyed fell short and failed to comprehend the pain of our colleagues of color and partners in the outdoor community. The Black Lives Matter movement has forced a reckoning of the deep racial injustice around us and laid bare our complicity. We are a white-led outdoor company reliant on recreation on stolen Native lands that are not yet safe for all. Recent months have revealed how much more we need to do to live up to our values as an activist company. We missed too much. Our hearts hurt, but our pain is nowhere near what our colleagues who identify as Black, Indigenous, or people of color have suffered. We are sorry for the harm we’ve caused.
To truly step up to this work, we must confront Patagonia’s lack of progress and take full ownership of the legacy of our failures. We must listen to and support our Black, Indigenous and colleagues of color first and commit to becoming a more inclusive and equitable company. And we will amplify the true leaders on justice and equity in the environmental movement and outdoor industry.
This work is urgent and lifelong. We will never be “done.” We’re recommitting our time and resources to this essential part of our mission. We welcome having our eyes opened to what we ignored. We’re building a foundation for our work by listening more deeply to our colleagues of color to learn from their experiences and insights. We’ve begun company-wide learning sessions to create a shared understanding of what it means to be an antiracist company. And we’re updating policies to make equity more explicit.
Talk is cheap. In the months ahead, we’ll share our progress so that we can be held accountable. We’re in business to save our home planet, but we can’t possibly do this alone. We must focus on those most impacted by the environmental crisis and follow their lead. We are here for the work of forging a more just world.
We’re in business to save our home planet.
Related Stories
Digital Gift Card
Let them choose with a Patagonia digital gift card. After checkout, the digital gift card code will be sent via email within 24 hours. Codes are redeemable only in the U.S. at Patagonia.com, WornWear.com and Patagonia stores (not Patagonia Provisions). Visit Patagonia Provisions to purchase a gift card for food.
Already have a gift card?
Men's Surf Clothing
Boardshorts That Outlast Sessions and Seasons
Eala Stewart air drops at Pipeline. Oʻahu, Hawaiʻi.
M's RØ® Hoody
M's Wavefarer® Boardshorts - 19"
M's Hydropeak Hybrid Walk Shorts - 18"
M's Long-Sleeved RØ® Top
M's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Front-Zip Long-Sleeved Spring Suit
M's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Front-Zip Long-Sleeved Top
M's Home Waters Volley Shorts - 16"
M's Hydrolock Boardshorts 2.0 - 19"
Patagonia® Brimmer
M's Hydrolock Stitched Boardshorts - 18"
M's Home Waters Hybrid Shorts - 18"
M's Flying Fish Responsibili-Tee®
M's Hydropeak Boardshorts - 21"
M's Wavefarer® Hybrid Walk Shorts - 18"
M's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Long-Sleeved Top
M's RØ® Top
Boardshort Label Funfarer Cap
M's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Short John
M's Hydropeak Side Shore Boardshorts - 18"
M's Yulex® Regulator® Lite Vest
Merganzer Hat
P-6 Logo Uprisal Hoody
Trade in your used Patagonia gear.
Trade in by mail.
Take our quiz to see if your gear is eligible. If it’s a go, print the $7 shipping label and mail your item(s) back to us. Every eligible item earns you credit to use in store or online at WornWear.com or Patagonia.com .
Step 1
Is your gear trade-in ready?
We accept most Patagonia clothing and gear that’s completely functional, clean and in good condition.
You can trade in used Patagonia clothing that functions perfectly and is in good condition, including:
Items we do not accept include:
Step 2
Get your estimated trade-in credit.
Before you bring it in, take our quick Trade In quiz to check your gear’s trade-in eligibility and the estimated credit.
We estimate most items’ trade-in value to be around 20% of the MSRP (manufacturer’s suggested retail price).
For the following items, see the range below to get an idea of what your pieces might be worth.
Sweaters: $10 - $60 Jackets: $10 - $200 Dresses: $10 - $20 Boardshorts: $10 - $15 Shorts: $5 -$25 Pants: $10 - $60 Wheeled Bags: $45 - $90 Duffel Bags: $15 - $75
Please complete the Trade In quiz for a more specific estimated credit value. Your exact credit will be determined after we receive and inspect each item.
Step 3
Mail it in.
We’ll provide you a prepaid shipping label. Once we receive and process your items, we’ll send you credit in the form of a gift card. If your gear isn’t accepted, we can return it to you or recycle it so it stays out of the landfill.
Trade in at a store.
Trade in your gear at any of our stores. Every eligible item earns you credit to use in-store or online at WornWear.com or Patagonia.com .
We accept most Patagonia clothing and gear that’s completely functional and in good condition.
You can trade in used Patagonia clothing that functions perfectly and is in good condition.
We accept most Patagonia clothing and gear that functions perfectly and is in good condition, including:
Before you bring it in, find out how much your trade-in could be worth.
Bring it in to a Patagonia store.
A customer experience guide can help you get started.
How to Trade In
Have more questions?
Read through our Trade In FAQs or watch our Trade In video to learn more.
Trade in can be done online and mailed directly to us, or you can take your items to a Patagonia-owned store.
We’ll take your used Patagonia clothing and gear that is functional and in good condition and give you a merchandise credit that can be used at Patagonia.com , WornWear.com and in Patagonia-owned stores . A $7 shipping fee will be deducted from online trade-ins.
There are a few important steps to trading in online:
We’ll give you a credit for gear that meets the program’s requirements. You’ll have the option during checkout to have any ineligible gear recycled or sent back to you free of charge.
Please allow 7–10 business days for processing after we receive your trade-in. Processing may take longer during peak times or trade in promotions.
Trade-in is available in the US only.
We accept used clothing and gear that is clean and functional. Please inspect your items, remove anything in the pockets, and clean your pieces before trading them in.
If your gear isn’t accepted, we can return it to you, or we can recycle it. Please indicate your preference when setting up your trade-in.
We are unable to accept items in the following conditions, including but not limited to:
Damaged or showing signs of heavy wear
Excessive hair/fur
Customized or embroidered items
Items that are incomplete or missing essential components
We do not accept everything. Items that are not functional or are in poor condition are not eligible for trade in. To make sure your gear is eligible, check out this video .
You have the option to get back items that we don’t accept for trade in. Simply check the box that says you want your used gear returned if it is deemed ineligible or unsellable. Or we can recycle it for you. Return shipping is always free.
Patagonia products that have reached the end of their useful lives may be sent back to us to be recycled or repurposed. They can be mailed to our Service Center or dropped off at a Patagonia store .
Please note: Recycling your old gear is voluntary; we don't compensate you for sending items in to be recycled. If you choose to recycle, you’ll have the satisfaction of knowing that your old Patagonia gear will not end up in a landfill or incinerator.
Not ready to give up your gear?
If it’s broke, we’ll help you fix it.
There's no price tag on our public lands. Get involved and help protect the places that protect us.
Alaska Needs You
It’s time to speak up and protect America’s Arctic from extraction.
Dam Removal Is a Climate Solution
In the Pacific Northwest, four methane-emitting dams are damaging key ecosystems along the Snake River that local communities depend on. Removing these dams can help bring back life to the Snake, repair our climate and honor Indigenous rights in the process.
Because frontline communities experience environmental injustices and crises first and worst, they are experts at protecting themselves, designing grassroots solutions and building just futures. We will continue to learn from, amplify and invest in these communities.
Protect Forests, Protect the Climate
Old-growth and mature forests are an original climate solution.
Support Grassroots Climate Solutions
Extractive industries are poisoning our air, lands and waters—destabilizing the very climate that all life on Earth depends on. Join us in supporting grassroots climate action groups that are protecting communities from fossil-fuel projects and planting seeds for a renewable future.
Support Indigenous Stewardship of Bears Ears
How we care for Bears Ears—and involve its original stewards—matters now more than ever. Support the first-ever national monument management plan informed by a coalition of Tribal Nations. This could transform the future of all public lands.
Protect Wild Fish
Fly fishing offers us the best of this planet. In turn, it demands our best. That’s why we support the people and groups working to protect the wild fish and clean water we love.
Protect Your Peaks
Our oceans and coastline are in a battle against greed-driven entities that cherish their bank accounts, not the paddle out. If we don’t join the fight against Big Oil, developments and pollution, our peaks will perish. Connect with local environmental groups fighting to defend our seas.
Women's Clothing
Women’s Rainwear
Women’s Tech Tees
W's Retro Pile Jacket
W's Light Gust Hooded Pullover
W's Cord Fjord Jacket
W's Everyday Cord Straight Pants
W's Downdrift Vest
W's Light Gust Hooded Vest
W's Long-Sleeved Earth Flow Easy-Cut Organic T-Shirt
W's Point Reyes Canvas Overalls
W's Daily Snap-T® Pullover
W's Waves Rolling Relaxed Drop-Sleeve Organic T-Shirt
W's Long-Sleeved Driftways Easy-Cut Organic T-Shirt
W's Long-Sleeved '73 Skyline Easy-Cut Organic T-Shirt
W's Long-Sleeved '73 Text Logo Easy-Cut Organic T-Shirt
W's Recycled Wool-Blend V-Neck Sweater
Mountain Biking
The Trail Craft Vest
A dose of highly packable, windproof protection
Any Trail. Every Lap. All the Seasons.
No matter how many times you’ve ridden a trail, the next lap is always different. We build mountain bike clothing and gear to celebrate every part of every ride, from the joy of the descent to the mud, sweat and struggle that go into earning it.
W's Long-Sleeved Dirt Craft Jersey
W's Dirt Craft Pants
W's Dirt Craft Bike Shorts - 12½"
W's Dirt Roamer Jacket
W's Merino Blend 3/4-Sleeved Bike Jersey
W's Dirt Roamer Storm Jacket
Merino Wool-Blend Crew Socks
Repair Your MTB Gear
Send it to us for a fix or learn DIY repairs to keep it in play.
Tales from the Trails
@patagonia_mtb
Women's Mountain Bike
Men's Mountain Bike
Mountain Biking Packs & Gear
Since 1972, Patagonia has supported grassroots activists working to find solutions to the environmental crisis. But in this time of unprecedented threats, it’s often hard to know the best way to get involved. That’s why we’re connecting individuals with environmental organizations, to take action on the most pressing issues facing the world today.
How can I get involved?
We built Patagonia Action Works to connect committed individuals to organizations working on environmental issues in the same community. It’s now possible for anyone to discover and connect with environmental action groups and get involved with the work they do.
Find out about events happening in your area
Sign petitions supporting issues you care about
Have a skill that an organization is looking for? Find out how to volunteer your time
Donate money to local causes.
1% for the Planet is our self-imposed tax. It’s the percent of our sales that we donate to the preservation and restoration of natural environments.
Who do we fund?
We support organizations working on issues in the areas of land, water, climate, communities, and biodiversity.
Terrestrial ecosystems and land use, sustainable agriculture and food systems, mineral extraction, healthy forests, pollution, toxics and hazardous wastes*
Freshwater/inland ecosystems, coastal and marine ecosystems, pollution, toxics and hazardous wastes*
Energy extraction, climate and atmosphere, renewable energy, transportation
Environmental justice, civil democracy, sustainable communities and indigenous populations/communities
Biodiversity and species preservation
Patagonia believes in empowering action locally. That’s why our stores and dealers both support local environmental organizations.
Patagonia funds only environmental work. We give grants to organizations that identify the root causes of problems and approach issues with a commitment to long-term change. Because we believe that the most direct path to real change is through grassroots momentum, our funding focuses on organizations that create a strong base of citizen support. If this sounds like you or your organization, click below to learn more.
Protect the ocean so it can protect us.
Our future is tied to our ocean
Its shared seas connect us through food, culture and sport. Home to amazing, abundant life, the ocean is also a powerful climate solution. Yet less than 3 percent of it is fully protected (at least on paper) from human-driven damage. We can do better than 3 percent. Let’s put an end to pollution, overfishing, bottom trawling and open-net salmon farms, and establish marine protected areas that restore vitality to ocean ecosystems so they can nourish us and future generations.
Join the movement to advance the protection of these precious places across the globe in 2024 to put an end to bottom trawling, open-net salmon farms, and establish marine protected areas.
Why It Matters
Planet
The ocean is a climate solution. Our shared seas absorb about 25 percent of human-driven carbon emissions; provide at least half the oxygen we breathe; support abundant, biodiverse fish populations; and generate renewable energy that can end our reliance on fossil fuels.
People
Around the world, coastal communities represent more than one-third of the global population. These are also the people who will bear the brunt of rising sea levels and degraded ocean habitats. Actions like designating marine protected areas and mitigating industrial fishing can restore the ecosystems they need.
Culture
The ocean is medicine, whether it’s the waves that inspire joy, food that nourishes us or the central, sacred space it holds for coastal communities that have revered this resource for millennia. Keeping it healthy ensures that symbiotic relationship remains strong. Protect the ocean and it’ll continue to provide for us.
For surfer Yusei Ikariyama to save his home waters, he must unite his community first.
The Films
Jalpi
South Korea
Hot Pink Dolphins
Jeju Island, South Korea
The Custodians
West Coast of Scotland
Corazón Salado (Salted Heart)
Chilean Patagonia
Ramón Navarro joins the Kawésqar community on a journey to protect their ancestral waters.
Climbing
THE KEY TO En light enment
Unlock all-day comfort for all-day efforts with Nano-Air® Ultralight.
Climber Favorites
We build gear for every kind of climbing. Here is a handpicked selection from our product team.
Built for the cleanest line.
Durable, high-performance rock climbing clothing that can stay in rotation season after season.
M's Venga Rock Pants - Regular
M's RPS Rock Pants - Regular
M's Hampi Rock Shorts
W's Hampi Rock Pants - Regular
W's Chambeau Rock Pants
W's Reversible Tank
Stories
@patagonia_climb
Kitesurfing
Returns & Exchanges
At Patagonia, our business is building the best product. If something isn’t working for you, we want to help. Choose an option below to get started.
Returns
Don't want a purchase after all? Start your return here or bring it in to a Patagonia-owned store.
Exchanges
Wrong size or color? Want a different item instead? Start your exchange here and get free shipping both ways.
Still Need Help?
More for Your Gear
We stand behind everything we make, but the best thing we can do for the planet is get more use out of the stuff we already own.
Trade In. Get Credit.
We’ll buy back gently used Patagonia clothing and packs so they stay in play and out of the landfill. Every eligible item earns you credit to use in store or online.
DIY Repair & Care Guides
One of the most responsible things you can do as a consumer is to keep your stuff in play for as long as possible. Our do-it-yourself repair and care tutorials show you how.
Repairs
Got something that needs fixing? Please clean your item and start the mail-in process here or bring it into a Patagonia-owned store. Dirty products will be returned.
Your Wishlist Is Empty
But doesn’t have to be. Add items by clicking on the heart as you browse around.
Women's Mountain Bike Clothing & Gear
W's Capilene® Cool Trail Bike Henley
W's Dirt Roamer Liner Shorts
W's Landfarer Bike Shorts
W's Dirt Roamer Storm Pants
W's Dirt Roamer Bike Shorts
W's Trail Craft Vest
W's Dirt Roamer Liner Bibs
W's Nether Bike Shorts
W's Shadowlite Mid-Impact Adjustable Bra
Patagonia Stores & Authorized Dealers
Patagonia Stores
California
Colorado
District of Columbia
Georgia
Hawaii
Illinois
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Minnesota
Montana
Nevada
New York
North Carolina
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Hmm, No Results
Sorry, there are no results for . Please review or clear your search.
