*By submitting this form, I confirm I am a US resident and (1) agree to CeraVe’sTerms of Use(which includes an arbitration provision] andMarketing Disclosure; and (2) have read and acknowledge the CeraVe’sPrivacy NoticeandNotice of Financial Incentives.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
This site is intended for US consumers. Cookies and related technology are used for advertising. To learn more or opt-out, visitAdChoicesand ourPrivacy Policy.CeraVe does not treat underlying skin conditions. MVE is a registered trademark of DFB Technology, Ltd. Patent No. 6,709,663. © 2023 CeraVe
Acne Clay To Foam Cleanser
Balancing Air Foam Facial Cleanser
2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner
Learn about the significance of skin health and discover ways of improving your own on World Skin Health Day, coming 7/8.
Protect your skin from the sun's damaging rays with CeraVe Sunscreens, developed with dermatologists.
Personalized skincare developed with dermatologists ready at your finger tips
CeraVe products can be purchased at most major retail outlets, including CVS, Walgreens, Walmart, Target, and grocery stores or online (Amazon, drugstore.com, etc.). To use the CeraVe Store Locator to search by zip code and easily find a retailer near you, please clickhere.
Yes, CeraVe samples are distributed through physicians’ offices (dermatologists, general practitioners, and pediatricians). If you like to try our Moisturizing Cream, you can request a complementary samples here:https://www.cerave.com/moisturizing-cream-sample. This offer is only available to US consumers.
Yes, to print a coupon, please clickhere. We also occasionally run coupons in the Sunday newspapers. Please be sure to "LIKE" us on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/cerave) and follow us on Twitter ( @ceraveskin) to learn about the latest CeraVe products and promotions.
Yes, select CeraVe products are available in various sizes, including convenient travel sizes of 3 ounces or less. CeraVe Hydrating Cleanser, CeraVe Foaming Facial Cleanser, and CeraVe Moisturizing Lotion are all sold in a 3 oz. bottle (also available in larger sizes). CeraVe Moisturizing Cream is available in a 1.89 oz. tube (also available in larger sizes).
You asked and we listened! We are pleased to share that CeraVe Cream with a pump is currently available. In addition, several CeraVe lotion products already have pumps.
Unlike chemical sunscreens which absorb the sun’s rays, fully physical sunscreens work on the surface of the skin to deflect UV rays. In addition, physical sunscreens are a good option for individuals with sensitive skin because they are associated with less irritation than chemical sunscreens. However, most physical sunscreens are messy and are not easily absorbed. CeraVe fully physical sunscreen lotions contain InVisibleZincTMtechnology which helps deliver an elegant, lightweight, dry, clear finish on the skin. See our full sunscreen linehere.
"Fragrance-free" means that a product contains absolutely no fragrance. Most dermatologists recommend fragrance-free products, since fragrances can cause irritation for sensitive skin. A product labeled “unscented” may contain subtle masking fragrances.
The skin barrier is the outer most layer of the skin. It is made up of 50% ceramides, 25% cholesterol, and 10-25% fatty acids. Over time, the depletion of ceramides can result in moisture loss, dryness and cracking, and/or inflammation and irritation from allergens and toxins on the skin barrier.
A ceramide deficiency can contribute to everyday dry skin or, in the most severe cases, skin conditions such as psoriasis and eczema.
Skin naturally contains ceramides, which help keep moisture in, keep irritants out, and repair the skin barrier. Over time, ceramides become depleted, leading to dry, dull, irritated or cracked skin. The right balance of ceramides is essential for optimal skin barrier function, and beautiful, healthy-looking skin.Learn more about ceramides
Developed with dermatologists, our mission is to provide advanced skincare products that do more than just moisturize the skin’s surface. CeraVe is the first and only brand to offer a full line of skin care products that contain an exclusive combination of three scientifically-identified essential ceramides. CeraVe products penetrate the skin’s surface, infuse it with moisture, and lock it in for truly long-lasting results and beautiful, healthy looking skin. Read the full CeraVe story clickhere
In 2005, researchers in the U.S. partnered with leading dermatologists to develop the CeraVe brand - a line of skin care products designed to help repair and strengthen the skin barrier. Experts understood that the skin barrier serves an important function in promoting healthy skin and that key components of the skin barrier (ceramides) are deficient in compromised skin conditions. CeraVe is the first and only brand to offer a full line of products containing essential ceramides that healthy skin needs. If you’re interested in learning about the complete line of CeraVe products, visit theskincareandsunscreenpages.
No, CeraVe products are not tested on animals.
The majority of CeraVe products are non-comedogenic, so they won’t clog pores or cause acne. Please check the label or product page for more information. All CeraVe products are fragrance-free and non-irritating.
The patented Multivesicular Emulsion (MVE) technology used in CeraVe products releases key ingredients slowly over time, allowing them to absorb into the skin to hydrate and nourish, as well as help repair, restore and maintain the skin’s natural barrier. This means that CeraVe products keep working to help restore and maintain the natural protective function of the skin barrier long after you apply them, up to 24 hours after application.
InVisibleZincTMtechnology uses a revolutionary, naturally sourced, micro-fine zinc oxide to deliver a unique dry, clear finish on the skin as compared to regular zinc which could result in a very thick product that would not absorb well. The elegant, lightweight, oil-free CeraVe sunscreen lotions spread easily and provide broad spectrum protection from the sun’s damaging UVA and UVB rays.
CeraVe can be used on face and body, with some products specially formulated for each. Talk with your dermatologist to learn which CeraVe products are best for your skincare needs. To see all the full line of products CeraVe offers, visit ourskincareandsunscreenpages.
CeraVe currently offers over 70 products delivering therapeutic skincare for all, developed with the expertise of dermatologists. CeraVe has won more seals of approval from the National Eczema Association than any other brand. Talk with your dermatologist to learn which CeraVe products are best for your skincare needs. To see all the full line of products CeraVe offers, visit ourskincareandsunscreenpages.
The ingredient list for each CeraVe product is displayed on its packaging and on its product page, under the “Ingredients” Tab. If you are sensitive to a particular ingredient, or have any other concern, we suggest that you consult your dermatologist.
CeraVe products are non-irritating and fragrance-free. Most are also non-comedogenic. If you are sensitive to a particular ingredient, or have any other concern, we suggest that you consult your dermatologist.
For patient samples, please call (844)-CERAVE-1 between 8am and 5pm EST Monday-Friday to speak with a representative.
CeraVe is designed for healthier skin – and part of that routine is having a good dermatologist on your side. Talk to a professional today and get answers to your most pressing skincare questions.
Connect with a board-certified dermatologist about your skincare concerns right from the comfort of your home.
Make an in-person appointment for the most comprehensive assessment of your skin.
PERSONALIZED SKINCARE DEVELOPED WITH DERMATOLOGISTS READY AT YOUR FINGER TIPS
About 50% of the outermost layer of your skin is comprised of ceramides.1That’s why all of our CeraVe skincare products were developed with dermatologists and are formulated with three essentialceramidesto help restore and maintain your skin barrier, thereby helping to lock in moisture and protect against irritants. We also have formulas that contain beneficial skincareingredientslike moisture-retaininghyaluronic acid, calmingniacinamide, and peptides to improve the look of tired skin. Beneficial to every skin type, from dry, oily,acne-prone, and combination skin to specific skin concerns such asrough and bumpy skin,eczema, andpsoriasis, we have a product right for you that will elevate yourskin routine. Explore CeraVe’s expansive range of face and body skincare developed for all skin types, as well as specific skin problems and concerns.
Whether your skin routine is as simple as three steps or more complex, there are a few skincare staples you should use. First off, you should always cleanse your face twice a day, or after sweating. You may choose to use a serum if you want to target specific concerns or indulge in some self-care. Lastly, it’s important to moisturize and use sunscreen every day year-round.
The general rule of thumb to layering skincare products is to go from the thinnest consistency to the thickest. That way, your formulas will absorb more efficiently. However, keep in mind that you should always apply sunscreen last to get the bestsun protection, even if it is thinner than your moisturizer.
The most important part of creating a skin routine is finding the right products for your skin type and concerns. You’re sure to find the best ones for your needs among CeraVe’s skincare line. You can also head over to ourSkin Smartsto gettips, advice,identify your skin type, and learn specific routines for different skin types.
1. Kendall AC, Kiezel-Tsugunova M, Brownbridge LC, Harwood JL, Nicolaou A.Lipid functions in skin: Differential effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cutaneous ceramides, in a human skin organ culture model. Biochim Biophys Acta Biomembr. 2017;1859(9 Pt B):1679-1689. doi:10.1016/j.bbamem.2017.03.016
Discover the Best CeraVeFacial Cleanserfor Your SkinBelow, explore our range of facial cleansers and find the right option for yourskin typeand concerns.
A gentle face cleanser is a must-have in anyskincare routine—whether you havedry,oily,normal,combination, orsensitiveskin. CeraVe’s facial cleansers are designed to effectively remove dirt and excess oil without disrupting your skin’s moisture barrier or leaving your skin feeling stripped. Developed withdermatologists, our fragrance-free cleansers feature three essentialceramidesalong with other beneficial ingredients likehyaluronic acidandniacinamide. We havefoamingand non-foaminggels,creams, and no-rinse formulas, plus targeted face washes that help addressskin concernssuch asacne,rough skin texture, and excess shine.
Facial cleansers wash away dirt, excess oil, dead skin cells, and other impurities from your skin’s surface. Without an effectivecleansing routine, these impurities can build up on your skin and clog your pores, potentially leading to skin concerns like visible pores, rough texture, blackheads, and othertypes of acne breakouts. Face cleansers are usually the first step in a basic skincare routine. They allow you to start your routine with a blank canvas and set the stage for the rest of the products to follow.
CeraVe’s facial cleansers are available in a variety of different textures, including foams, gels, creams, and no-rinse formulas (like micellar water). Many of our cleansers—such asCeraVe Acne Control CleanserandCeraVe Renewing SA Cleanser—offer targeted benefits that can help improve the appearance of specific skin complaints, like blackheads orrough, bumpyskin texture. Other CeraVe face cleansers, likeCeraVe Makeup Removing Cleanser Balm, are designed to thoroughly break down and remove longwear makeup products.
Facial cleansers and face washes both serve the same primary purpose: They help remove dirt, excess oil, and other impurities from your skin’s surface. Although these two terms are often used interchangeably, there is a subtle difference between them. The term “facial cleanser” is usually used more broadly to describe all products that fall under the facial cleansing umbrella—including face washes. So, technically speaking, all face washes are facial cleansers but not all facial cleansers are face washes.
Products that are labeled “face wash” typically feature water-based, foaming formulas (like foaming gel cleansers) that produce a lather when applied. These cleansers are often designed to give your skin a refreshed, deep clean feel, which is why they’re often preferred by those withcombination,oily, andacne-prone skin. On the other hand, those withdry skinandsensitive skinmay prefer other types of facial cleansers, such as cleansing balms, micellar water, and non-foaming gels or creams.
It may be tempting to skip this step if your skin feelsdry,flaky, or tight, but cleansing is an essential part of any skincare routine—it helps keep your pores clear of dirt, oil, dead skin cells, and other impurities. TheAmerican Academy of Dermatology(AAD) recommends that all skin types, including dry skin, use a gentle cleanser twice per day and after sweating.1However, in order to keep your dry skin feeling comfortable and hydrated post-cleanse, it’s important to select the right formula. The ideal product should cleanse your skin without leaving it feeling tight, dry, or stripped.CeraVe recommends choosing a daily face cleanser that’sfragrance-free, allergy-tested, developed with dermatologists, and formulated to help maintain the skin’s protective barrier. One option to consider isCeraVe Hydrating Foaming Oil Cleanser, our lightweight cleansing oil for dry to very dry skin. This gentle face cleanser features beneficial ingredients for dry skin—such assqualane oil, triglyceride, ceramides, andhyaluronic acid—and is suitable for use onsensitive skin,eczema-prone skin, andbaby skin(3+ months).
TheAmerican Academy of Dermatology(AAD) recommends using gentle, non-abrasive facial cleansers that don’t contain astringent or harsh ingredients (like alcohol).1TheAADalso advises using fragrance-free cleansers, especially if you have dry skin or sensitive skin.2Whenchoosing a facial cleanser, theAADsays to look for cleanser formulas that are formulated for your skin type, whether that’s oily, normal, dry, combination, or sensitive.3This can help you select a product that’s designed to meet your skin’s unique needs. To ensure your chosen cleanser meets these criteria, it can be helpful to look for formulas that are specifically developed with dermatologists, such as CeraVe’s range of cleansers with three essential ceramides.
Finding the right CeraVe cleanser for your daily routine begins withunderstanding your skin type. Some types of cleansers may be better suited for your skin type than others. Water-based, foaming face washes—likeCeraVe Foaming Facial Cleanser—tend to be popular options among those withoily skinandacne-prone skin. Foaming formulas usually offer a deep cleanse feel and can be especially effective at removing excess sebum (oil) from the skin’s surface.Meanwhile, people with dry, sensitive, andeczema-proneskin often prefer non-foaming or lightly-foaming cleansers with a creamier texture, as these may feel more nourishing and gentle on the skin. For dry skin, we recommend tryingCeraVe Hydrating Facial Cleanser, which gently cleanses and refreshes the skin without disrupting the skin barrier. When in doubt, a board-certified dermatologist can help recommend the best facial cleanser for your skin’s needs.
Micellar water is a type of ultra-gentle cleanser that helps remove excess oil, makeup, and dirt without having to rinse. These liquid formulas contain tiny micelles (oil molecules) that work like a magnet to lift impurities off the skin’s surface. They are typically applied to the skin with a cotton pad.Micellar waters can make a great option for cleansing on the go, like after a sweaty workout. They can also be used as part of a gentledouble cleansingroutine—simply apply a micellar water (likeCeraVe Hydrating Micellar Water) before washing with your regular cleanser. Our Hydrating Micellar Water effectively cleanses, hydrates, and removes makeup while helping to restore and maintain your skin’s protective barrier. It’s also ophthalmologist-tested and gentle enough to use around sensitive eyes.
CeraVe offers a range of options for oily, acne-prone skin. For active acne breakouts on your face, try one of ourbenzoyl peroxidefacial washes:CeraVe Acne Foaming Cream Cleanserwith 4% benzoyl peroxide andCeraVe Acne Foaming Cream Washwith 10% benzoyl peroxide (the highest strength available without a prescription). These cleansers feature a lightly foaming, creamy texture and are formulated to treat acne without dryness or flaking.For oily, acne-prone skin with visible pores and blackheads, tryCeraVe Acne Control Cleanser—our 2%salicylic acidcleanser that gently exfoliates dead skin cells that can clog your pores. And if your skin is prone toexcess shine, we suggest trying one of our foaming cleansers:CeraVe Foaming Facial CleanserandCeraVe Foaming Cleanser Bar. These formulas help remove excess oil and leave your skin feeling fresh and clean, rather than dry or stripped.
Forrough, uneven skin texture, tryCeraVe Renewing SA Cleanser. Thissalicylic acidface cleanser gentlyexfoliatesand smooths your skin’s surface without disrupting the skin’s protective barrier. Or, if you prefer a convenient bar soap formula, you can also tryCeraVe SA Cleanser Bar. The soap-free formula provides both chemical exfoliation (with salicylic acid) and physical exfoliation (with spherical jojoba beads) to smooth and soften rough, bumpy skin. It gently sweeps away dead skin cells while thoroughly removing dirt and oil from your skin’s surface.
CeraVe’s makeup-removing cleansers offer a gentle yet effective way to break down and remove all traces of makeup—which can clog your pores and potentially lead to acne breakouts. We recommend exploring our range of options to see which makeup remover formula works best for your preferences and needs. If you prefer a rich, velvety texture that works great for double cleansing, tryCeraVe Makeup Removing Cleanser Balm. This residue-free formula with jojoba oil is suitable for use by all skin types and leaves your skin feeling moisturized, soft, and comforted after use.CeraVe Hydrating Cream-To-Foam Cleanseris another excellent option for removing makeup. This unique formula offers the best of both worlds: acream cleanserthat hydrates and afoamingformula that provides a refreshing skin feel. For eye makeup removal, we recommend tryingCeraVe Comforting Eye Makeup Remover, which is formulated to gently remove even the most stubborn eye makeup. Or, for convenient, no-rinse options, there’s ourHydrating Makeup Removing Plant-Based WipesandHydrating Micellar Water.
Facial serums provide targeted benefits that can help address a variety ofskin concerns, including dryness, dullness, large pores, visible signs ofaging, and dark spots. CeraVe’s gentle,fragrance-freeserums are developed withdermatologiststo deliver visible benefits while maintaining the skin’s protective barrier. Our hydrating formulas contain effective levels of potentingredients—likeretinol,hyaluronic acid,salicylic acid, andvitamin C—coupled with our three essentialceramides.
Below, explore our range of facial serums and find the right option for yourskin typeand concerns.
Face serums areskincare productsthat are designed to target specific skin concerns, such asdrynessand the appearance of dullness, fine lines, wrinkles, large pores, and uneven skin tone or texture. These products often feature concentrated formulas with a lightweight texture and complexion-enhancingingredients. Popular serum ingredients includeretinol,niacinamide,hyaluronic acid,alpha-hydroxy acids(AHAs) likeglycolic acidandlactic acid,vitamin C, and beta-hydroxy acids (BHAs) likesalicylic acid.
Face serums can offer many benefits when used as part of a well-roundedskincare routine. But remember: These products address specific skin issues, so the exact benefits of your serum will depend on the formula you choose. For example, you can find serums that are formulated to improve the appearance of dark spots, fine lines, wrinkles, and uneven skin tone or texture. Depending on your skin concerns, you can choose a face serum that primarily hydrates, firms,exfoliates,smooths, or brightens your complexion. CeraVe recommends choosing formulas that aredeveloped with dermatologists, gentle on your skin, and fragrance-free.
Including a face serum in your skincare routine can be an effective way to achieve your skincare goals, but it’s important to choose the right formula for your skin type and skin concerns. Those withdry, flaky skin, for example, may want to choose a serum with hydrating ingredients that can help replenish much-needed moisture, likehyaluronic acid.If dark spots or uneven skin tone are among your skin concerns, a brightening serum with vitamin C (likeCeraVe Skin Renewing Vitamin C Serum) may be your best bet. Foranti-agingconcerns, try facial serums formulated with ingredients such as retinol and AHAs (likelactic acidand glycolic acid). Those withoily,acne-prone skinmay benefit from a different kind of targeted treatment with acne-fighting ingredients likesalicylic acid. Regardless of yourskin typeor skin concerns, CeraVe recommends choosing serums that are gentle on your skin, fragrance-free, allergy-tested, and developed with dermatologists.
Many face serums are designed for once-daily or twice-daily application. However, every serum comes with its own set of instructions that will tell you when and how often to apply it. Always read the product packaging carefully before applying your facial serum and use only as directed on the label. All CeraVe face serums are developed with dermatologists, gentle on your skin, and suitable for daily use. We recommend using your serum consistently for best results.
In general, skincare products should be applied from the lightest, thinnest formulas to the thickest, heaviest formulas—this means that facial serum should usually be applied beforemoisturizer(unless otherwise directed on the product label). Aftercleansingand beforemoisturizing, apply a thin layer of serum over your entire face and neck. Allow the serum to absorb fully before moving on to the next step in your skincare routine.For daytime, we recommend applying a facial moisturizer with broad-spectrumsunscreen(SPF 30 or higher) after your serum, likeCeraVe AM Facial Moisturizing Lotion. In the evening, a nourishing facial moisturizer with niacinamide—like ourPM Facial Moisturizing Lotion—can make an excellent pick. Always refer to the instructions on your serum’s packaging and apply as directed.
Skin that appears dull with an uneven skin tone may benefit from a brightening antioxidant serum with vitamin C, likeCeraVe Skin Renewing Vitamin C Serum. This allergy-tested serum with 10% pure vitamin C (L-ascorbic acid) helps visibly brighten your skin and promotes radiant, soft, and healthy-looking skin. With consistent use, our vitamin C serum helps improve the appearance of dark spots, fine lines, wrinkles, and uneven skin tone.Plus, it’s suitable for all skin types (includingsensitive skin) and features moisturizing hyaluronic acid and soothing vitamin B5 (pantothenic acid) to help improve skin hydration. We recommend applying an even layer of this brightening serum to your face and neck each morning after cleansing.
For dry, flaky, anddehydrated skinon your face, we recommend using a facial serum with hyaluronic acid andceramides, likeCeraVe Hydrating Hyaluronic Acid Serum. Hyaluronic acid is a powerful hydrating ingredient that works as a humectant—helping your skin attract and bind moisture from the environment. When used regularly, our hydrating serum with hyaluronic acid and ceramides provides your skin with much-needed moisture, delivering up to 24 hours of hydration and helping to restore your skin’s protective barrier.The formula is ideal for those withnormaltodry skinlooking to enjoy smoother, softer, and intensely hydrated skin. For best results, apply this refreshing gel-cream serum at least once per day after cleansing, either alone or layered with other serums and moisturizers.
All CeraVe serums are formulated withthree essential ceramidesthat are identical to those found naturally in your skin.Ceramidesare a key component of your skin barrier, and they play a vital role in maintaining healthy-looking skin.Researchshows that these lipids comprise up to 50% of your skin’s natural barrier.1,2You can think of ceramides as the “glue” that holds your skin cells together to help seal in moisture and block out harmful substances. Developed with dermatologists, our gentle, fragrance-free products help maintain the skin’s protective barrier for hydrated, comfortable-feeling skin.
Retinolis a form of vitamin A that’s commonly used inanti-agingserums and over-the-counter (OTC) treatments forblemish-prone skin. According to theCleveland Clinic, retinol helps promote your skin’s natural exfoliation process, which can improve the look of fine lines, wrinkles, skin discoloration, and large pores.3Using a gentle yet effective retinol serum can help you achieve a complexion that looks fresher and more plump.If your primary skin concerns include fine lines, wrinkles, and rough skin texture, we recommend tryingCeraVe Skin Renewing Retinol Serum. This nighttime serum with encapsulated retinol, hyaluronic acid, and niacinamide provides your skin with a variety of anti-aging benefits. When first using a retinol serum, it can take some time for your skin to adjust—we suggest starting slowly and working your way up to daily application to avoid irritation. If redness or irritation persists, stop use and consult a board-certified dermatologist.
Retinol serums can help improve your skin texture and reduce the look of post-acne marks. For post-acne skin, we recommend trying a resurfacing serum, likeCeraVe Resurfacing Retinol Serum. This gentle yet effective serum with encapsulated retinol works to help smooth your skin’s texture while improving the appearance of post-acne marks.Using this face serum as part of your PM skincare routine can help reduce the look of large pores and enhance your skin’s surface. It also features three essential ceramides and is formulated to refine your skin without compromising its natural protective barrier.When using this (or any) product with retinol, it’s essential to apply abroad-spectrum sunscreenwith SPF 30 or higher during the day (and reapply it at least every two hours in addition to other protective measures, like seeking shade and wearing protective clothing). Retinol can make your skin more sensitive to the sun’s harmful UV rays. We recommend trying a moisturizer with broad-spectrum SPF 30 sunscreen, such asCeraVe AM Moisturizing Lotion SPF 30.
Body lotions and body creams are a key part of anyskincare routine. The right body moisturizer can help hydrate your skin, seal in essential moisture, and leave your skin looking supple and smooth. When used consistently as part of a dailybody care routine, body moisturizers can also help maintain your skin barrier and addressskin concernslikedryness, rough skin texture, anditchy skin.
CeraVe’sfragrance-freebody moisturizers are developed withdermatologiststo support soothed, healthy-looking skin on your body. Formulated with three essentialceramides, they help lock in moisture and help maintain the skin’s protective barrier. You’ll also find targeted treatments designed to smoothrough and bumpy skinand soothe itching and other symptoms ofeczemaandpsoriasis.Find the Best Body Moisturizer for Your Skin
Below, explore our range of moisturizing body lotions, creams, andointments, and find the right option for your skin’s unique needs.
Body lotions help hydrate and soothedry skin, whether it’s on yourhands, knees, feet, or anywhere else on your body. They’re usually applied as the final step in your daily body care routine to help keep your skin smooth, soft, and comfortable-feeling.CeraVe Daily Moisturizing Lotion, for example, can be used as often as needed to provide 48-hour hydration and help restore your skin’s protective barrier. This lightweight, oil-free body lotion is also formulated with three essentialceramidesand MVE Delivery Technology, which encapsulates hydrating ingredients to ensure efficient delivery and slow release over time.
Body lotions and body creams provide similar moisturizing benefits but offer different texture options. Lotions, for example, tend to contain more water in their formulations than creams, which gives them a more lightweight texture. This type of formula may be ideal for those withoilyornormalskin.On the other hand, body creams (such asCeraVe Moisturizing Cream) have a richer formula with more emollient ingredients than lotions. Their nourishing texture can be helpful for anyone with normal to dry skin or for seasonal dryness during the harshwintermonths. Creams can also be useful for mature skin, as skin loses its ability to retain moisture with age. To learn more, read our skincare guide on thedifferences between lotion, cream, and ointment.
Ointmentsprovide an effective moisturizing option for skin that is extremely dry. They can be especially helpful fordry, flaky skinon your heels, knees, and elbows. These rich, occlusive formulas are generally the thickest of all body moisturizer options since they contain the highest concentration of emollients. Some ointments, such asCeraVe Healing Ointment, are designed to help temporarily protect, soothe, and hydrate skin as it recovers from cracking, chafing, and extreme dryness. There are also ointments that can be used to help treat and help preventdiaper rash, such asCeraVe Baby Healing Ointment.
According to theAmerican Academy of Dermatology(AAD), the ideal time to apply body moisturizer is right after you get out of the shower.1Putting moisturizer onto clean, slightly damp skin immediately after bathing can help prevent water loss and more effectively trap moisture in your skin. We recommend adding a body lotion or cream to your daily shower routine to help you get the most out of your body moisturizing products.
This will depend on the moisturizer formula you choose. Although they may seem similar in appearance,face moisturizersand body moisturizers are not always interchangeable. Some moisturizers may be suitable for use on your face and body—such asCeraVe Moisturizing CreamandDaily Moisturizing Lotion—while others are designed for use on certain parts of your body. Always read the product label carefully to identify whether your moisturizer is designed for use on your body, face, or both. To learn more about face moisturizers, head to our guide onhow to choose a facial moisturizer for your skin type.
In general, body moisturizers (such as body lotion) should be applied twice daily as part of a consistent body care routine, morning and night. This can vary, however, depending on yourskin’s individual needsand the product you’re using (make sure to apply body moisturizers as directed on the packaging for the best results). External factors, such as seasonal climate shifts, can also play a role. They can impact your skin’s dryness, and therefore, your desire to moisturize more (or less) often. When in doubt, your physician ordermatologistcan guide you in determining the ideal frequency to complement your lifestyle and preferences.
To help smooth the feel and appearance ofrough and bumpy skinon your body, we recommend adding a targeted moisturizer withsalicylic acidto your body care routine. For example, you can tryCeraVe SA Cream for Rough & Bumpy Skin, our fragrance-free moisturizing cream designed to soften very dry, rough skin and improve skin texture. Formulated withsalicylic acidandlactic acid, this formula gently exfoliates dead skin cells and smooths bumpy skin—such asscaly skinand “chicken skin” on your upper arms and thighs. For a more lightweight skin-smoothing option, considerCeraVe SA Lotion for Rough & Bumpy Skin.
CeraVe offers a range of targeted treatments to help soothe the itching and effects ofeczema prone-skinand other skin conditions, such aspsoriasis. OurPsoriasis Moisturizing Cream, for example, is an excellent option for those looking for relief from skin itching, scaling, redness, flaking, and irritation associated with psoriasis. This 2% salicylic acid cream can help gently exfoliate, comfort skin, and provide smoother skin texture—while also helping to prevent the recurrence of psoriasis symptoms.Foreczema-proneskin, we recommend ourEczema Relief Creamy Oil. Formulated with three essentialceramides, 1% colloidal oatmeal,hyaluronic acid, and safflower oil, this moisturizer intensely moisturizes your eczema rash to help keep your skin feeling comfortable. For eczema or any other skin condition, it’s important to always consult with a board-certified dermatologist on the best targeted moisturizer options and treatments for your skin’s needs.
“How To Pick the Right Moisturizer for Your Skin.” American Academy of Dermatology Association, 2022.
The skin around the eyes is the thinnest and most delicate on your face. This lack of depth, together with declining collagen levels and skin barrier function over time, can leave your eye area more prone toskin concernslike puffiness, dark circles, crow’s feet wrinkles, and fine lines. Adding a moisturizing eye cream to yourskincare regimencan help target visible signs of aging and fatigue around your eyes, deliver all-day moisture and care to this fragile area, and help reinforce the protective skin barrier.
Developed withdermatologists, CeraVe’s range of multi-tasking eye creams are ophthalmologist-tested and suitable for use around the eye area, as well as by contact lens wearers. They’re formulated to lock in moisture and help maintain your skin’s protective barrier, with key beneficial ingredients like peptides,niacinamide, caffeine,hyaluronic acid, andceramides. With continued use, CeraVe’s non-greasy, fast-absorbing, and fragrance-free eye creams for allskin typescan help you enjoy a refreshed, hydrated, smooth, and visibly brighter under-eye area.
Moisturizing eye creams are skincare products specifically formulated for use on the delicate skin around your eyes. CeraVe eye creams help keep your eye area moisturized, while supporting a healthy skin barrier and targeting concerns that are specific to the eye area. With continued use, CeraVe’s range of eye creams can help hydrate, brighten, and smooth the under-eye area, while minimizing visible signs of fatigue and aging.
The skin around the eyes is the thinnest on your entire face, making this area particularly susceptible to visible signs of aging and fatigue. With this in mind, it’s important to remember that it may not be suitable to use yourface lotion, cream, or ointmentas an eye cream. Somemoisturizersmay include ingredients in concentrations that are too harsh for the delicate eye area.Choosing a productthat’s been formulated for use on the eye area, such as an anti-aging peptide eye cream, is key to protecting and caring for the skin around your eyes.
CeraVe eye creams offer a range of products to choose from, including an anti-aging peptide and caffeine eye cream for bags under the eyes, fine lines, wrinkles, and eye puffiness. Additionally, we offer formulas for various under-eye concerns andskin types, includingdry,combination, and evensensitiveskin. There’s no exact age at which you should start using an eye cream, and the decision to include one in your routine can vary based on each individual’s preferences. CeraVe eye creams help visibly firm and reduce the look of fine lines, crow’s feet wrinkles, dark circles, and puffy eyes, which are skin concerns that can impact a wide age range.
To use CeraVe eye cream, dispense the cream onto your ring finger and apply in small dots around your eye contour. Next, gently blend the product onto your entire eye area—including the under-eye area, crow's feet, eyelid, and brow bone—using upward motions, until completely absorbed. Always avoid direct contact with your eyes, and if contact with eyes occurs, rinse thoroughly with water.
We recommend applying CeraVe eye cream once or twice daily, on a cleansed face, either alone or under makeup. Eye creams can be applied in the A.M. or P.M. after cleansing, and before yourface serum,moisturizer, andsunscreenornight cream.
Yes, CeraVe offers a range of eye creams for a variety of skin concerns. If you’re looking to try an under-eye moisturizer for dark circles and puffiness, we recommend adding CeraVeEye Repair Creamto your routine every day. On the other hand, if you’d like to reduce the appearance of visible signs of aging around your eye area, we recommend givingCeraVe Skin Renewing Eye Creama try. These eye creams are both gentle, yet effective additions to your skincare routine, and are formulated with MVE technology, moisturizing ingredients, and three essential ceramides.
Yes, CeraVe eye creams are suitable for allskin types—includingsensitive skin. Anyone can benefit from including the right moisturizing eye cream in their skincare routine, especially when they are noticing visible changes around the under-eye area. If you’re unsure about whether or not an eye cream is suitable for you, consult with a board-certified dermatologist.
Our eye creams have been ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested, and deemed suitable for use around the eye area, including contact lens wearers and those with sensitive skin.
Yes, CeraVe eye creams are makeup-friendly. This means you can apply your chosen CeraVe eye cream under your makeup or makeup primer, as preferred, to help visibly brighten tired-looking eyes and minimize visible signs of aging around the eyes.
Removing your makeup at the end of each day is an essential part of maintaining healthy-looking skin. CeraVe’s makeup removers and makeup-removingcleansersgently wash away all traces of makeup, dirt, and excess oil to help keep your skin clean and free from pore-clogging materials. Formulated with three essentialceramidesand keyingredients, such ashyaluronic acidand jojoba oil, CeraVe face and eye makeup removers can remove even the most stubborn longwear makeup (including waterproof mascara) without disrupting the protective skin barrier or leaving your skin feeling stripped.
As the perfect first step in yournighttimeskincare routine, or a convenient option on the go, CeraVe makeup-removers are available in a variety of hydrating and nourishing formulas—including ourMakeup Removing Cleanser Balm,Hydrating Makeup Removing Plant-Based Wipes,Hydrating Cream-To-FoamCleanser,Hydrating Micellar Water,and ophthalmologist-tested eye makeup removers—likeCeraVe Comforting Eye Makeup Remover. Whatever your makeup-removing needs, there’s a CeraVe makeup remover for your skin type.
Sometimes, cleansing alone isn’t enough to fully remove all traces of makeup. A makeup remover can help gently and effectively eliminate makeup, excess oil, and dirt from your skin. By preventing the build-up of pore-clogging materials that may lead to skin concerns like blackheads andacne blemishes, makeup removers can help support skin that appears healthy and clear. Makeup removers easily dissolve debris, therefore helping to prevent rough tugging or pulling on the skin while removing makeup. CeraVe makeup removers are available in a variety of forms to suit allskintypes, including our face wipes, cleansing balm, oil-free micellar water, and Comforting Eye Makeup Remover.
Makeup removers are formulated with certain areas of your face in mind—as well as different skin types (such asoily,dry,sensitive, orcombinationskin). An eye makeup remover is formulated specifically for the delicate eye area, which is the thinnest skin on your entire body and requires special care. Alternately, a face makeup remover is intended to remove makeup on your face. Some face makeup removers are also suitable for use on the eye area, but this isn’t always the case—as some facialproductsmay include ingredients in concentrations that are too harsh for the delicate eye area. Therefore,choosing the right productfor each area is essential for optimal results.
CeraVe’s face and eye makeup removers offer a variety of options for all skin types, with formulas that are non-comedogenic, paraben-free, fragrance-free, alcohol-free, and allergy-tested. Our makeup removers feature beneficial ingredients, such as three essential ceramides and jojoba oil. They are focused on hydrating, nourishing, and supporting a healthy-looking complexion, while maintaining the protective skin barrier. When in doubt, consult with a board-certifieddermatologistfor the best advice on how to remove makeup and how to choose the ideal makeup remover for your skin type.
We recommend using this type of makeup remover whenever you need to completely remove makeup on your face, including foundation, blush, concealer, and bronzer. Face makeup removers should be used as the first step in your nighttime skincare routine to help remove all traces of face makeup before bed.
We recommend using an eye makeup remover anytime you need to remove makeup on your eyes, such as eyeliner, eyeshadow, and waterproof mascara—particularly at night before heading to bed. These gentle formulas are made specifically for the skin around your eyes, which is the thinnest (and therefore the most delicate) skin on your face. Our eye makeup removers can help thoroughly remove all eye makeup, while comforting this fragile area.
Makeup-removingwipesandclothsoffer a convenient, portable option on the go. They combine the benefits of a gentle cleanser and makeup remover all in one easy-to-use, rinse-free product. Just like other makeup removers, CeraVe makeup-removing cleansing cloths and wipes help gently and effectively remove makeup (including waterproof mascara), excess oil, and dirt—anywhere, anytime.
Yes, CeraVe eye makeup removers are suitable for contact lens wearers and for use around the eye area. They are ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested, as well as fragrance-free, alcohol-free, and paraben-free. Always speak to your eye doctor or a board-certified dermatologist if you have specific questions or concerns.
Makeup removers are generally used before your facial cleanser, as the first step in your skincare regimen. Always apply makeup remover by following the instructions on the product packaging, and avoid direct contact with your eyes. Once you’ve used your makeup remover, grab your go-to CeraVe cleanser and continue with the rest of your routine as per usual: including an eye cream,serum, andmoisturizer(withSPFduring the daytime).
Yes, CeraVe makeup removers can be used to gently break down and eliminate stubborn eye makeup, like waterproof mascara and other longwear eye makeup products—without disrupting your skin barrier or leaving your skin feeling stripped. Always read the label closely to decipher which products can be used on the eye area to remove waterproof mascara.
No, you do not need to rinse off liquid makeup removers (like CeraVe Hydrating Micellar Water or Comforting Eye Makeup Remover) after applying, unless the product label specifically says so—such as in the case of makeup-removing facial cleansers like CeraVe Makeup Removing Cleanser Balm and Hydrating Cream-to-Foam Cleanser. Simply follow the instructions on the label and apply as directed, then follow with the rest of your skincare regimen.
Sun protectionis an essential step in your daily skincare routine. In fact, using broad-spectrum sunscreen daily is a fundamental part ofprotecting all skin typesfrom the detrimental effects of UV rays—no matter your age. Without it, your skin is vulnerable to the host of issues sun damage can bring.1To ensure your skin is getting all the protection it deserves, all of our mineral sunscreen formulas contain three essentialceramidesto help restore and maintain your skin barrier and lock in moisture.
There’s afaceandbodyCeraVe sunscreen for everyone, including sunscreen for oily skin, children, andbabies, as well as those with sensitive skin and other concerns.
Find the answers to some frequently asked questions about sunscreen below.
Experts, like theSkin Cancer Foundation, recommend applying roughly two tablespoons of sunscreen to your body—about the size of a shot glass. For your face, it’s recommended to apply a nickel-sized amount. If you’re using a spray or stick, it’s best to apply it liberally over your skin until you see a sheen on your skin’s surface.2
Typically, sunscreen should be reapplied every two hours if you’re outdoors, as well as after sweating or swimming. If you’re indoors, away from windows, one application should suffice.3
TheFood & Drug Administration(FDA) requires that all sunscreens are formulated to last at least three years. Of course, always be sure to keep track of your sunscreen’s expiration date on the package.4
Mineral sunscreen, also known as physical sunscreen, helps protect your skin by forming a barrier to block the sun’s damaging UV rays. This type of SPF contains ingredients such aszinc oxide, titanium dioxide, or a combination of the two.
1. Photoaging: What You Need to Know About the Other Kind of Aging; Skin Cancer Foundation:https://www.skincancer.org/blog/photoaging-what-you-need-to-know/
2. Ask the Expert: How Much Sunscreen Should I Be Using on My Face and Body?; Skin Cancer Foundation:https://www.skincancer.org/blog/ask-the-expert-how-much-sunscreen-should-i-be-using-on-my-face-and-body/
3. Sunscreen & Your Morning Routine; Johns Hopkins Medicine:https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/health/wellness-and-prevention/sunscreen-and-your-morning-routine
4. Is sunscreen from last year still good? When does sunscreen expire?; Mayo Clinic:https://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/adult-health/expert-answers/sunscreen-expire/faq-20057957
Protecting your skin from the sun's harmful rays is a key part of keeping your complexion looking healthy at any age. Sun protection comes in many forms, but there are a number of reasons why a moisturizer with SPF should be at the top of your skincare list. These types of face moisturizers are specially formulated to include sun protection, in addition to hydrating ingredients that can offer additional benefits for all skin types.
CeraVe’s facial moisturizers with SPF feature broad-spectrum sunscreen, in addition to ingredients like moisturizing hyaluronic acid, soothing niacinamide, and ceramides to help restore your skin’s protective barrier and lock in moisture. Our range includesanti-agingmoisturizers and everyday options that are lightweight, non-comedogenic, non-greasy, and expertly developed with dermatologists to hydrate effectively without clogging your pores.
The main function of any sunscreen is to help protect your skin from potential damage caused by sun exposure. For this reason, daily protection against the sun’s harmful UVA and UVB rays is a must-have step in any skincare routine. A broad-spectrum sunscreen formula works by either creating a barrier on the skin’s surface to reflect UV rays using ingredients likezinc oxide(known as “mineral” or “physical sunscreen”), or absorbing UV radiation with chemical-based ingredients (known as “chemical sunscreen”). Whereas some sunscreens can feel heavy and greasy on your skin, CeraVe’s moisturizers with SPF are formulated to feature a lightweight and non-greasy texture, and are non-comedogenic—meaning they don’t have the potential to clog your pores.
A broad-spectrum sunscreen should be applied every morning, rain or shine, 365 days per year. When deciding on the right type of sunscreen product to apply, keep in mind that CeraVe’s body and face sunscreens are ideal when in need of additional protection and while spending time outdoors.
Once applied, sunscreen is effective for up to two hours, but will need to be reapplied more frequently when swimming, sweating, or spending extended amounts of time outdoors. CeraVe’s moisturizers with SPF are best applied each morning as part of your A.M. skincare routine. Always apply sunscreen products as directed on the label and seek the advice of a dermatologist when needed.
Baby skin is naturally more delicate, permeable, and prone to irritation than adult skin. That’s why it’s important to choose baby products that are designed with their ultra-sensitive skinin mind. CeraVe baby skincare products are developed with pediatricdermatologiststo help maintain their protective skin barrier. Formulated withhyaluronic acid, vitamin E, and three essentialceramides, our gentle, hydrating formulas for babies arefragrance-free, dye-free, and paraben-free. Fromtear-free baby washtoointment,lotion, and more, our full range of baby skincare products can help give your baby’s skin the extra-special care it needs.
Baby skin is structurally different from adult skin. Because it’s still maturing, your baby’s skin is very delicate and sensitive to the outside environment. When compared to adult skin, onestudyreported that the epidermis (outer layer) of infant skin is 20% thinner—with a protective skin barrier that’s approximately 30% thinner than adults.1
The skin barrier is an essential gatekeeper between your baby’s skin and the external environment. It helps lock in moisture and defend against irritants, allergens, and germs on the skin’s surface. Because it takes at least two years for an infant’s skin barrier to fully develop, baby’s skin may be more vulnerable to external irritants and transepidermal water loss (TEWL).2
Some examples of skin concerns in baby skin include flakiness, diaper rash, neonatal acne (baby acne), and miliaria (heat rash).Eczema(formally known as atopic dermatitis) is another skin condition seen in babies, affecting up to 25% of children in the United States.3If you have any concerns regarding your baby’s skin, schedule an appointment with your pediatrician or board-certified pediatric dermatologist.
Babies can sometimes develop dry, rough patches of skin. This rough texture is especially common during the first few months after birth, as your baby’s skin adjusts from the protective environment of the womb to the harsher, drier conditions of the outside world. Rough patches of skin can also be a reaction to certainingredients, fabrics, or potential allergens. Always consult with your pediatric dermatologist for the best advice on treating rough baby skin.
Baby rashes, which are considered very common, can cause your baby’s skin to turn red. Redness fromdiaper rash, for example, can be caused by a fungal infection, harsh soaps, excessive moisture, or sweat. Saliva from drooling—sometimes known as a “drool rash” or “spit-up rash”—is another common rash caused by irritation around a baby’s mouth and chin.About half of allnewbornsexperience a red, blotchy rash known aserythema toxicumat around two to three days-old that typically resolves on its own. Consult with your pediatrician or pediatric dermatologist for personalized advice if you are concerned about redness on your baby’s skin.
There are many possible reasons why your baby’s skin may peel, which should always be assessed and managed by a pediatrician or board-certified pediatric dermatologist.  If you’re wondering how to help dry skin on your baby’s face, it may help to moisturize regularly with a gentle, fragrance-free baby lotion.
Caring for your baby’s vulnerable skin can feel intimidating—for new and experienced parents alike. Understanding your baby’s skin type and baby skincare basics can help to keep things simple. Your pediatrician or pediatric dermatologist can help explain what to expect when it comes to your baby’s skin, why certain reactions occur, and whichnourishing ingredientsto look for in skincare products.
Everyone’s skin has its own unique needs—including your baby’s. Your little one’s delicate skin is highly sensitive, and the best baby skincare products are formulated with this in mind. We recommend baby skincare products that are gentle, fragrance-free, and developed without harsh ingredients that may disrupt the skin barrier. Pediatric dermatologists generally agree that a simple, “less is more” approach is best when caring for dry baby skin.CeraVe’s collection of baby skincare products align with all of the above. Our formulas are designed to help maintain the skin’s natural moisture barrier—which helps to keep moisture in and harmful elements out. They also feature ingredients such as CeraVe’s three essentialceramides,hyaluronic acid, and vitamin E.
*For informational purposes only—not a substitute for medical advice.  Always consult with a doctor regarding any concerns for an accurate assessment and individualized guidance.
Your cracked, chafed, or extremely dry skin needs special care. A healing ointment or balm that helps hydrate and soothe your skin can offer fast relief and protection.
CeraVe Healing Ointment is formulated withpetrolatum,hyaluronic acid, andceramidesto provide hydration and restore the skin's barrier. This non-comedogenic ointment is suitable for all skin types, fragrance-free, and lanolin-free to minimize the risk of irritation. Our Healing Ointment temporarily protects and helps relieve chafed, chapped, or cracked skin, as well as minor cuts, scrapes, and burns. It also helps protect from the drying effects of wind and cold weather.
Baby’s skin is quite different from adult skin in that it is especially delicate. To ensure you don’t irritate your baby's fragile skin, it’s important to choose skincare products that don’t disturb the skin barrier. CeraVe Baby Healing Ointment was developed with pediatric dermatologists to help prevent and treat diaper rash. Formulated with three essential ceramides, hyaluronic acid, and vitamin E, this healing ointment leaves baby’s skin soothed and helps maintain its protective skin barrier.
A gentle yet effectiveskincare regimenis essential for healthy-looking skin, especially if you're concerned aboutacne. As the #1 dermatologist-recommended acne brand,* CeraVe offers products that help promote a clear complexion—withoutdrynessor flaking. When used as part of a consistentacne routine, our targeted formulas for acne-prone skin can clear acne blemishes, minimize the appearance of blackheads, and help prevent new acne breakouts from forming. Featuring three essentialceramides, CeraVe’s acne products are formulated to lock in moisture and help maintain the skin’s protective barrier.
Explore our range of products for acne-prone skin, including CeraVe’ssalicylic acidacne treatment gel,benzoyl peroxideacne wash, oil-free daytime moisturizer, and more.
Acne(formally known as acne vulgaris) is caused when your pores become clogged with sebum (oil), dead skin cells, and bacteria. There are many factors that can influence or potentially worsen acne breakouts. Examples of these include stress, humid weather conditions, air pollution, improper skincare practices (like picking at pimples), hormonal changes, and certain oily, greasy cosmetics.
Genetics may also play a role in acne breakouts. In other words, if a family member has struggled with acne blemishes, you may have a higher chance of developing them. Lastly, someresearchsuggests a possible link between acne and some dairy products.1,2However, the debate amongst researchers when it comes to the relationship between acne and diet is still ongoing.
Contrary to what some people believe, acne is not solely a teenage skin condition. Although you may be more likely to experience acne blemishes during puberty, acne can occur atany age. This commonskin issuecan affect anyone, regardless of your gender,age, or ethnicity. It affects approximately 9.4% of the global population, according toresearch, and is the most common skin condition in the United States.3,4
When caring for acne-prone skin, it’s important to have adermatologistassess your skin and identify thetype of acneyou’re experiencing. The main types of acne, according to theCleveland Clinic, are: blackheads, whiteheads, pimples (pustules), papules, nodules, and cysts.5
Comedonal acne (blackheads and whiteheads) is considered a mild form of acne that can occur when your pores become clogged with oil, bacteria, or dead skin cells. This causes the pore to bulge, creating the appearance of dark-colored (blackheads) or light-colored (whiteheads) bumps on the skin.
If a clog becomes increasingly inflamed, it may lead to other types of acne, such as papules or pustules. Acne papules tend to appear as small, red bumps on the skin, whereas acne pustules are characterized by red bumps that are filled with pus. Nodules and cysts are lumps under the skin that can be red and painful and typically require the help of adermatologistto treat.
Having acne-prone skin can be frustrating, but it’s important to know that you’re not alone. In fact, most people experience acne at some point in their lives. Fortunately, acne can usually be managed at home with the rightskincare routineand targeted acne treatments. We recommend a daytime and nighttime regimen that includes skincare essentials like an acne face wash,sunscreen, lightweight moisturizer, and a topical acne gel withingredientslikebenzoyl peroxide(BPO) orsalicylic acid(SA).
However, it’s important to remember that everyone’s acne is unique, and what works for one person may not necessarily work for you. A board-certifieddermatologistcan help you build the right routine for your acne-prone skin and recommend the best acne products to help you restore the appearance of clear, healthy-looking skin.
One of the most commonacne mythsis that those with acne-prone skin should avoid usingmoisturizer. In truth, moisturizer is an essential part of any skincare routine for acne-prone skin. But in order to enjoy the benefits of a moisturizer, you’ll need to choose a product that’s suitable for your skin. We recommend using a ceramide-containing, oil-free daytime and nighttime moisturizer duo that’snon-comedogenicand developed with dermatologists—likeCeraVe AM Facial Moisturizing LotionandPM Facial Moisturizing Lotion. With MVE Delivery Technology, these non-comedogenic moisturizers can help support your skin’s moisture levels all-day and all-night long, without clogging your pores.
CeraVeoffers a range of targeted solutions for acne-prone skin. This includes our Acne Control products with 2%salicylic acid. Products with salicylic acid (such asCeraVe Acne Control CleanserandAcne Control Gel) can be helpful for improving the appearance of blackheads and visible pores. When used together as part of a daily regimen, our Acne Control products can help clear acne and help prevent new acne breakouts.
You can also consider one of CeraVe’sbenzoyl peroxideacne cleansers.CeraVe Acne Foaming Cream Cleanserwith 4% benzoyl peroxide makes an ideal cleanser option for clearing acne pimples, helping prevent new acne, and allowing the skin to heal. You can also find benzoyl peroxide in ourAcne Foaming Cream Wash. This acne cleanser features maximum OTC strength 10% benzoyl peroxide, the highest concentration available without a prescription.
And remember: Every routine for healthy-looking skin should include a few skincare basics: a gentle cleanser,non-comedogenicmoisturizer, and a broad-spectrumsunscreenormoisturizer with sunscreen. For help building an acne skincare routine and finding the right products for your skin’s needs, visit CeraVe’sSkincare Solution Finder. If your skin’s appearance doesn’t improve with an at-home regimen, or your acne is painful and interferes with your daily activities, visit a dermatologist’s office.
The mainactive ingredientin CeraVe’s Acne Control products is salicylic acid. Thisbeta-hydroxy acid(BHA) provides gentle exfoliation and is great for helping improve the appearance of enlarged pores and comedonal acne (whiteheads and blackheads). Our Acne Control range with 2% salicylic acid and three essentialceramidesincludes two core products:CeraVe Acne Control CleanserandCeraVe Acne Control Gel. When used together as part of a consistent acne skincare routine, these products can help reduce blackheads, help prevent new breakouts, and also improve the look of pores.
Benzoyl peroxide is one of the most popularacne-fighting ingredientsused in pimple creams, acne cleansers, and other types of acne treatments. This ingredient works by minimizing an acne-causing bacteria known as P. acnes. CeraVe offers two benzoyl peroxide cleansers for acne-prone skin:CeraVe Acne Foaming Cream Cleanser(with 4% benzoyl peroxide) andCeraVe Acne Foaming Cream Wash(with 10% benzoyl peroxide, the highest concentration available in non-prescription acne products). Benzoyl peroxide may cause skin irritation ordrynessin some people, so it’s important to work with a board-certified dermatologist to identify the right formula for your skin’s needs.
Signs of acne blemishes can sometimes stick around long after the blemishes have healed. These reminders of past breakouts can show up in the form of uneven skin tone and post-acne marks (also known as post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation).CeraVe Resurfacing Retinol Serumis designed to help smooth yourskin's texture, reduce the appearance of post-acne marks, and minimize the look of pores. This makes it a great facial serum for anyone looking to restore an even skin tone and promote a healthy-looking complexion.
Meixiong J, Ricco C, Vasavda C, Ho BK. “Diet and acne: A systematic review.” JAAD Int. 2022 Mar 29;7:95-112. doi: 10.1016/j.jdin.2022.02.012. PMID: 35373155; PMCID: PMC8971946.
Pappas A. “The relationship of diet and acne: A review.” Dermatoendocrinol. 2009 Sep;1(5):262-7. doi: 10.4161/derm.1.5.10192. PMID: 20808513; PMCID: PMC2836431.
Tan, J K L, and K Bhate. “A global perspective on the epidemiology of acne.” The British journal of dermatology vol. 172 Suppl 1 (2015): 3-12. doi:10.1111/bjd.13462.
“Skin Conditions by the Numbers.” American Academy of Dermatology Association, 2023.
“Acne: Types, Causes, Treatment and Prevention.” Cleveland Clinic, 2023.
*Source: IQVIA, ProVoice Survey, rolling 12 months ending March 31, 2023
As you age, your skin gradually loses vital components needed to maintain its elasticity and moisture levels, which can lead to visible signs of aging. An effective anti-aging skincare routine can help improve the appearance of your skin by targeting many of these common concerns, including dullness, fine lines, wrinkles, uneven skin tone, and dryness. From moisturizers to serums, an anti-aging regimen begins with carefully choosing the right multifunctional products to support radiant, younger-looking skin.
CeraVe’s anti-aging skincare line is specially formulated with dermatologists to deliver a variety of anti-aging benefits. Our gentle, yet effective products are fragrance-free and use ingredients likeretinolto help promote your skin’s natural exfoliation process,hyaluronic acidfor extra hydration,niacinamidefor calming benefits, andceramidesto help lock in moisture and restore your skin’s protective barrier.
Retinol is a derivative of vitamin A that helps promote your skin's natural renewal process. Often found in facial creams, serums, and eye creams for fine wrinkles and fine lines, this ingredient encourages the shedding of dead skin cells, which can help refine your skin’s surface and improve visible signs of aging. Additionally, retinol can also be used to help improve the appearance of post-acnemarks (also known as post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation) and improve skin tone and radiance.It may take some time for your skin to adapt to retinol, so plan to slowly work your way up to daily use to avoid potential skin irritation. Always apply a broad-spectrum sunscreen each morning as well, since retinol can increase photosensitivity.
The right anti-aging skincare routine for you should largely be based on your skin type and concerns. When in doubt, seek the help of a board-certified dermatologist for the best individualized advice. Anti-aging skincare products should ideally be gentle, non-comedogenic, fragrance-free, and developed with the help of dermatologists. They commonly includeSPF(a vital part of any routine), as well as other beneficial ingredients like retinol,vitamin C, and barrier-restoring ceramides.
When used correctly and consistently, anti-aging ingredients like retinol can help make fine lines and wrinkles appear less noticeable. Because retinol helps eliminate dead skin cells, it can help smooth and refine the skin’s surface, revealing healthy and younger-looking skin. In addition, other helpful ingredients that can help minimize the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles include chemical exfoliants likeglycolic acidandlactic acid, as well as peptides and hyaluronic acid.
You don’t have to be a certain age to reap the benefits of an anti-aging skincare routine. Often formulated for all skin types, these products can be beneficial for anyone who would like to improve the appearance of their skin’s tone and texture, including visible changes due to the natural aging process.
If you’ve experienced cracked, chafed, or extremely dry skin, you know just how uncomfortable raw skin can feel. Cracked and chafed skin needs special care to help it retain moisture and improve its look and feel. When looking forskincare productsfor extremely dry skin, it’s important to look for products that are formulated with hydratingingredientslikehyaluronic acid, as well as skin barrier-protecting ingredients likedimethiconeandceramides—such as a healing ointment.
Developed with dermatologists, our best-selling products for cracked and chafed skin feature three essential ceramides that work together to lock in moisture and help restore the skin’s protective barrier. They also feature ingredients like hyaluronic acid to help retain your skin’s moisture, leaving it healthy-looking and hydrated.
Find the answers to some frequently asked questions about cracked or chafed skin below.
Chafed skin is a common result of skincare irritation that happens when parts of the body, such as the thighs and underarms, rub together or rub against clothing. To prevent red, raw, chafed skin, apply a skin barrier product such as a healing ointment to prevent unnecessary friction.
While the rate of healing will vary from person to person, the best way to help heal chafed skin is to keep it clean and seal in moisture with a skin barrier-protecting product. If possible, do as much as you can to reduce rubbing in high-friction areas, such as the thighs and upper arms.
Many things can cause cracked skin, including cold, dry weather, excessive use of heat, and harsh soaps and detergents. Dry, cracked skin may also be a symptom of certain skin conditions likeeczemaandpsoriasis. If you suspect the latter may be the case, speak to a dermatologist for an accurate diagnosis.
Whether you are experiencing cracked skin on your heels, fingertips, or between your toes, the key to healing cracked skin is to keep the area moisturized. Once you’ve moisturized your cracked skin with a lotion or cream, seal in the moisture with a healing ointment, petroleum jelly, or a silicone-based protectant like dimethicone.
According to theNational Eczema Association(NEA),eczemaaffects approximately 31.6 million Americans.1This common skin condition causes a red,itchyrash that’s often accompanied bydryness, flaking,rough skin, or irritation. Fortunately, a dailyskincareroutinewith gentle cleansers,moisturizers, and over-the-counter (OTC) eczema treatments may help relieve itchy skin and improve the appearance of eczema flare-ups.
Developed withdermatologists, CeraVe’s range of eczema products provide hydrating and soothing effects that can help support comfortable, healthier-looking skin. They contain three essentialceramidesand are formulated to help restore the skin’s protective barrier. OurEczemaReliefCreamy OilandHydrocortisone Anti-ItchCreamarefragrance-free, gentle on your skin, and accepted by the National Eczema Association.
TheAmerican Academy of Dermatology(AAD) describes eczema (also known asatopic dermatitis) as a complex skin condition that’s caused by an interaction between an individual’s environment and their genes.1,2Although the exact cause is yet to be determined, people with eczema are generally believed to have an overactive immune system. This may cause the skin to become inflamed when it comes into contact with irritants or allergens (which can include somefragrances). According to theNational Eczema Association, eczema may be linked to chronic skin barrier dysfunction, where the skin’s protective barrier isn’t able to effectively retain moisture and filter out environmental toxins.3
Signs ofeczemacan vary from person to person. Eczema rashes may also vary in color based on your skin tone, so it’s essential to consult a board-certifieddermatologistif you suspect your skin issues may be caused by eczema. In general, eczema tends to appear in cycles (known as “flare-ups”) that show up as a dry, red rash accompanied by itching,sensitivity, and irritation. According to theMayo Clinic, the severity of eczema rashes can range from mild to severe, with some people even experiencing blisters,bumps, thick patches of skin, swelling, andscalyor crusty skin.4
Eczema tends to be common during early childhood but can occur at any age. It’s typically believed to be triggered by allergens or irritants in your environment. According to theNational Eczema Association, these triggers may include stress levels, having verydry skin, food allergies, harsh weather, and certain cleansers or shampoos. The NEA also states that some people may have a genetic predisposition that can make them more likely to experience eczema.1
People with lighter skin tones may notice visibly dry, red or pink rashes on their skin, whereas those with deeper skin tones may experience dry-looking patches that appear brown, purple, or gray. Although eczema rashes can appear anywhere on your body,researchshows that eczema is likely to affect the insides of the elbows, backs of the knees, palms of the hands, and soles of the feet.5Eczema is sometimes mistaken forpsoriasis(another dry, itchy skin condition), so it’s important to remember that only your doctor or a board-certified dermatologist can assess your skin and make an accurate diagnosis.
Your doctor or dermatologist can offer personalized guidance on the best ways to care for your eczema-prone skin. With that said, theNational Eczema Associationrecommends avoiding potential triggers and focus on managing eczema symptoms with gentleskincareproducts.6This includes applyingsunscreendaily, avoiding products with fragrance, and usingmoisturizersthat are designed to help restore the skin barrier.7,8In some cases, your dermatologist may recommend an over-the-counter hydrocortisone cream for eczema (such asCeraVe Hydrocortisone Anti-Itch Cream) or a prescription treatment. It can also be helpful to apply a fragrance-free moisturizer on damp skin immediately after bathing to help trap moisture and reduce dryness.
There are severalskincareingredientsthat may be helpful for those with eczema-prone skin. TheNational Eczema Associationsuggests looking for products that contain humectants (such ashyaluronic acid), which attract moisture to the skin’s outer layer, as well asniacinamide, glycerin,petrolatum, vitamin E, and oat or shea butter.7You may also want to look for skin barrier creams that containceramides, which are a key component of your skin’s natural protective barrier. Many creams for eczema (such asCeraVe Eczema Relief Creamy Oil) also contain colloidal oatmeal, an ingredient that helps soothe minor skin irritation anditching. OurItch Relief LotionandItch Relief Moisturizing Creamincludepramoxine hydrochloride (HCL), an ingredient that temporarily relieves itching associated with minor skin irritations.
The ideal eczema cream for your skin’s needs should be determined by you and your dermatologist. However, there are a few considerations you can keep in mind when choosing amoisturizerfor eczema-prone skin. For example, the National Eczema Association recommends using oil-based moisturizers for eczema-prone skin, such as ointments and creams. They also suggest choosing moisturizers that are allergy-tested, non-irritating, fragrance-free, and suitable for use on eczema-prone skin. We suggest tryingCeraVe MoisturizingCream.7
There’s currently no treatment available to cure eczema. However, it is possible to help reduce itchiness and improve the look and feel of eczema-prone skin. CeraVe’s targeted eczema relief products aredeveloped with dermatologistsand help provide the hydrating and soothing effects that have been shown to benefit this skin condition. Using our fragrance-free eczema products as part of your daily routine can help restore your skin’s protective barrier and help keep your skin feeling comfortable.
We recommend looking for products that are accepted by the National Eczema Association. Products that have theNEA Seal of Approvalare free of certain ingredients known to aggravatesensitive, eczema-prone skin. Many CeraVe products have the NEA Seal of Approval, including ourHydrocortisone Anti-ItchCream,Eczema ReliefCreamy Oil,Soothing Body Wash,Moisturizing Cream, andHealing Ointment.
If you have eczema-prone skin, we recommend working with a board-certified dermatologist to build a personalizedskincareroutine. Your dermatologist can assess your skin and help you craft the best routine for your skin’s needs using CeraVe’s range of cleansers, moisturizers, and anti-itch creams for eczema-prone skin.
Itchy skinor itchy bumps on skin can occur due to a range of reasons from dryness and minor irritations to sunburn and insect bites. Fortunately, CeraVe has products that can help you get some relief. Ahead, find out what causes itchy skin and what helps itchy skin. You’ll also discover CeraVe’s temporary yet fast-acting and long-lasting creams for itchy skin and our best lotion for dry, itchy skin.
Itchy skin causes can include simple culprits from dry skin, minor skin irritation, sunburn, poison ivy, or bug bites to anallergic reactionor certain skin conditions such as atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, eczema, psoriasis, or drydiabetic skin. Just as important as identifying the cause, however, is knowing how to stop itchy skin.
Certain ingredients can be effective at helping to relieve itchy skin and itchy bumps on skin. These include better known ones such as hydrocortisone, as well as lesser known ones likepramoxine hydrochloride. CeraVeitch relieflotion and creams are formulated with additional helpful ingredients such ashyaluronic acid,niacinamide, and ceramides. The formulas calm skin irritation to help restore and maintain your natural skin barrier.
Psoriasissymptoms can be bothersome since they tend to includeitchy skin,scaly skin, red patches on skin, flaking, and irritation. Fortunately, CeraVe has psoriasis products that can help relieve the symptoms of psoriasis and prevent them from recurring. We worked with dermatologists to develop psoriasis treatments, like our psoriasis cream and cleanser, to soothe your skin and provide gentle exfoliation. They contain therapeuticingredientslike smoothing beta-hydroxy acidsalicylic acidand alpha-hydroxy acidlactic acid, calmingniacinamide, and three essentialceramidesto help restore your skin barrier and maintain moisture levels. Non-irritating, fragrance-free, and non-comedogenic, they help make relief from psoriasis symptoms possible.
Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease that accelerates skin cell growth, which causes inflammation and the buildup of skin cells on the surface of the skin. This buildup can appear as raised “plaques” or scaly skin and, although it can show up on any part of the body, it is most common on the knees, elbows, and scalp (a.k.a. “psoriasis scalp”). It affects men, women, and children of all ages and races.1
Psoriasis plaques can manifest asitchy skin,scaly skin, red patches on skin, flaking, and irritation. Most commonly, they appear on the knees, elbows, and scalp (known as “psoriasis scalp”), though they can be present anywhere on the body. Psoriasis can affect men, women, and children of all ages and races.1
It’s best to always consult a board-certified dermatologist to diagnose psoriasis and recommend treatments. The first line of defense usually recommended to people with psoriasis are topical psoriasis treatments, such as our CeraVePsoriasis CleanserandPsoriasis Moisturizing Cream. Your dermatologist may also prescribe you a stronger topical psoriasis treatment. Oral prescription drugs (known as “systemics”) may also be prescribed. And phototherapy is also used as a psoriasis treatment.2
1. About Psoriasis; National Psoriasis Foundation:https://www.psoriasis.org/about-psoriasis/
2. Treatments for Psoriatic Disease; National Psoriasis Foundation:https://www.psoriasis.org/treatments-for-psoriatic-disease/
Both salicylic acid and lactic acid are gentle exfoliants that help treat rough patches of skin, albeit in slightly different ways. Salicylic acid is a beta-hydroxy acid that is derived from the bark of certain plants. It works by loosening the “glue” that holds the skin cells on the top layer together. By helping your skin shed dead skin cells faster, newer, healthier-looking skin is revealed, leaving it feeling softer and smoother.
Lactic acid is an alpha-hydroxy acid that’s a natural byproduct of plant and dairy fermentation. It is known to help loosen the bonds that hold dead skin cells together to leave your skin softer, smoother, and with enhanced overall texture.5But lactic acid has another trick up its sleeve. Since it’s part of the skin’s natural moisturizing factor, or NMF, it helps keep your skin hydrated as well.6
Dry skin (formally known as xeroderma) is a commonskin concernthat can occur seasonally or year-round. It’s caused when your skin’s protective barrier is weakened, resulting in a loss of moisture in the skin’s uppermost layer. Whether it's on yourface, hands, feet, or anywhere on your body, dry skin can feel tight,itchy, and uncomfortable. It may also appear visiblyrough,scaly, orflaky.
Help relieve the feelings of discomfort caused by dry skin with CeraVe’s expansive range of face and body products. Our dry skin products are formulated with gentle, hydrating, and soothingingredients, plus three essentialceramidesto lock in moisture and help maintain your skin’s protective barrier. Fromcleanserstomoisturizers,ointments, and more, CeraVe’s skincare products for dry skin offerfragrance-free,dermatologist-developedoptions to help reduce dryness and support hydrated, soft, and healthy-looking skin.
Skin dryness, which affects most people at some point in their lives, can have many possible causes. It can be influenced by both internal and external factors, including low humidity,cold weather, certain skin conditions or illnesses, and taking excessively long, hot showers. Aboard-certified dermatologistcan help identify the root cause of your skin dryness and recommend the best options to help you restore the look of hydrated, smooth skin. To learn more about dry skin causes, head to our guide ondry vs. dehydrated skin.
Everyone’s skin is unique. This means that—depending on factors like yourage, environment, and health status—signs of dry skin can vary from person to person. According to theMayo Clinic, when skin loses too much moisture, you may experience a feeling of tightness, as well asroughtexture, itchiness, flaking, and more visible fine lines.1These signs of dryness may worsen with age (especially over 40), as well as during the harsh, drywinter months. That’s why it’s so important to listen to your skin and seek the help of a dermatologist when needed.
To help tackle dry skin, you’ll need a targetedskincare routinethat preserves and enhances skin moisture levels. We recommend using a gentle, yet effectivecleanser for dry skintwice daily to remove excess oil and dirt, without leaving your skin feeling stripped. Applying moisturizer regularly—especially after bathing when your skin is still slightly damp—is another important step to help hydrate and soothe dry skin.It’s also helpful to carry a moisturizinghand creamor ointment to help relieve dryness on-the-go. Propersun protective measuresshould also be a core part of your daily regimen since damage from thesun’s harmful raysmay worsen dryness. For further guidance on how to help relieve dry skin, consult with your physician or dermatologist. Dry skin that is painful, cracks, bleeds, or interferes with your quality of life should always be assessed by a medical professional and may be a sign of an underlying illness.
When choosing products for dry skin, check the label for beneficialingredients(likehyaluronic acid, glycerin, andniacinamide) and seals of approval from reputable organizations (like the National Eczema Association). TheAADalso recommends avoiding products that contain alcohol, fragrance, or harsh chemical exfoliants, as these may be irritating to dry skin or strip away natural oils.2AllCeraVe productsfor dry skin are fragrance-free anddeveloped with dermatologists. Formulated with three essentialceramides, they also help to lock in moisture and help maintain your skin’s protective
A qualitymoisturizeris one of the skincare essentials you’ll need when caring for dry skin on your face. Using a face moisturizer twice daily—morning and night—can help seal in moisture and support healthy skin barrier function. We recommend choosing a daytime moisturizer option that includesbroad-spectrum sunscreenwithSPF30, such asCeraVe AM Facial Moisturizing Lotion With Sunscreen. This hydrating face lotion with three essentialceramidesis ideal for dry skin, with a multitasking formula that helps protect your skin from damaging UVA and UVB rays.For a nighttime face moisturizer for dry skin, tryCeraVe Moisturizing CreamorCeraVe PM Facial Moisturizing Lotion with niacinamide. Discover more tips and moisturizer advice in our guide tochoosing a facial moisturizer for your skin type.
Fordry skin on your body, CeraVe offers a range of options to choose from. Our body moisturizers are available in various textures and formulas to suit all preferences, includingcreams, lotions, and ointments. For example, one excellent cream option that features a rich, non-greasy texture isCeraVe Moisturizing Cream. This fast-absorbing, fragrance-free moisturizer helps improve the look and feel of dry to very dry skin and features beneficial ingredients likepetrolatum, hyaluronic acid, and ceramides. Or, if you’re looking for a lightweight, oil-free body moisturizer option, we recommendCeraVe Daily Moisturizing Lotion. This body lotion is gentle on the skin, provides long-lasting hydration, and featureshyaluronic acid. To learn more about dry skin on your body, check out CeraVe’sbody care routine for dry skin.
In general, a thicker formula (like a cream or ointment) is considered most effective for dry skin, according toHarvard Health.3CeraVe offers a range of cream and ointment options, includingCeraVe Healing Ointment. Formulated withpetrolatum, ceramides, and hyaluronic acid, our Healing Ointment helps to temporarily protect, soothe, and hydrate skin as it recovers from cracking, chafing, and extreme dryness.
It may seem counterintuitive, butoily skinneeds moisture too. In fact, trying to dry out your skin or using overly harshskincare productscan backfire andtrigger an increase in your skin’s production of sebum. This is especially risky if you haveacne-prone skin, since excess oil can result in clogged pores, blackheads, and whiteheads. Oily skin can benefit from gentlecleansersthat remove dirt, excess oil, and other impurities, as well asmoisturizersthat provide your skin with the essential hydration it needs, without clogging your pores. CeraVe’s face washes for oily skin and moisturizers for oily skin are formulated with essentialceramidesto help restore your skin’s protective barrier, which helps your skin hold on to hydration and keep irritants out.
Find the answers to some frequently asked questions about oily skin below.
Although oily skin and dry skin are two different skin types, certain irritants (like overdrying your skin) can cause oily skin. The best way to know if you have oily skin or dry skin that’s overcompensating is toidentify your skin type. Once you understand which type you have, you can incorporate the appropriate products into your skincare routine to care for it and any other skin concerns.
You can help manage oily skin by looking for products that are lightweight, oil-free, and non-comedogenic, so they won’t clog your pores or cause acne flare-ups. Look for targeted skincare products that contain salicylic acid, which cleans out your pores to help prevent breakouts. Salicylic acid, a beta-hydroxy acid featured in ourAcne Control CleanserandAcne Control Gel, can be used along with ourAM Facial Moisturizing Lotion with SunscreenandPM Facial Moisturizing Lotionfor a complete oily skin routine. Be sure to consistently cleanse and moisturize day and night. If you’re struggling to control your oily skin or acne-prone skin, always speak with a board-certified dermatologist.
Sensitive skin may be aggravated by dryness, environmental factors, exposure to irritants, and skin conditions such aseczema,psoriasis, dermatitis, or rosacea. If you are dealing with visible redness, cracked, ordry skin, you may benefit from incorporating products that are formulated to soothe skin sensitivity into your skincare routine.
Our products for sensitive skin, which includecleansers,moisturizers,serums, andsunscreens, are formulated withceramidesto help restore your skin’s protective barrier and lock in moisture. Whether your hypersensitive skin is prone to dryness,breakouts, or red bumps, we have a product to help support healthy-looking skin and avoid irritation in sensitive skin.
1.Lev-Tov, H., and Maibach, H. “The sensitive skin syndrome.”Indian journal of dermatologyvol. 57,6 (2012): 419-23. doi:10.4103/0019-5154.103059
Dimethiconeis the oldest and most prevalent silicone-based ingredient inskincare, haircare, and cosmetics, and it’s frequently found inmoisturizers, as well as in other skin-softening and smoothingemollients.1,2It has a silky texture that enables it to glide luxuriously over skin. Because of its consistency and matte finish, it can also be helpful for concealing redness andblemishes, as well as helping disguise enlarged pores andfine lines.2Other dimethicone uses include helping to maintain moisture in your skin and keepingenvironmental irritantsout by supporting your skin’sprotective barrier.1
While there are varying opinions on the use of dimethicone in skincare, experts agree that silicones are safe and do not pose a risk to humans when used in skincare products. In fact, dimethicone is frequently used to both help manage and prevent skin issues, likedry skinand minor skin irritations, with minimal to no risk of side effects.2,3
The restorative qualities of dimethicone make it a highly sought-after skincare ingredient in moisturizers and creams. Below, discover which CeraVe products feature this beneficial ingredient.
If you have questions about what dimethicone is, wonder what some dimethicone for skin benefits are, or feel like getting to the bottom of other dimethicone myths, check out our frequently asked questions about the ingredient below.
Dimethicone is a fluid type of silicone with a highly flexible synthetic makeup, and it’s the oldest and most used silicone in skincare, haircare, and cosmetic products.1,2Dimethicone cream, dimethicone ointment, and dimethicone lotions are widespread and can be especially helpful for those withoily,acne-prone skin, orsensitive skin. This is because dimethicone is frequently in oil-free skincare and can help your skin retain moisture without leaving a greasy feel or clogging your pores. It’s also hypoallergenic, has minimal to no risk of side effects, and is used to help manage or prevent certain skin conditions.3,4Based on its protective, hydrating, and soothing properties, it’s no surprise why products with dimethicone are so popular.5
Dimethicone has both emollient and occlusive properties, meaning it softens and smooths skin, helps lock in hydration, and improves skin barrier function.4,6Interestingly, although dimethicone won’t dissolve in water, water vapor can penetrate it, so it does a great job of retaining moisture in the skin without suffocating it.1It also has a silky matte texture, which helps hide redness, blemishes, enlarged pores, and fine lines, and a consistency that effortlessly glides across skin.2
Other benefits of dimethicone in skincare are that it’s hypoallergenic, fragrance-free, and won’t clog your pores. It’s present in some body washes, too, since it helps improve creaminess, stability, and the overall quality of foamed up lather.1In haircare, dimethicone is often found in two-in-one shampoo/conditioners, because it can protect the hair shaft during washing and help boost volume.
What dimethicone is used for in skincare centers around its ability to help with moisturization, which is tied to its skin-softening and barrier-supporting properties. It also helps visibly smooth the appearance of skin, such as with enlarged pores and fine lines, and camouflages redness and blemishes.1,2
Dimethicone is a type of silicone called a “linear polysiloxane” or “polydimethylsiloxane.” It’s a very strong and resilient ingredient yet it’s also flexible. Some other features of silicones, like dimethicone, are that they’re noncarcinogenic, nontoxic, hypoallergenic, odorless, and colorless.
There are myriad products that contain dimethicone in skincare. Some of the most prevalent products are moisturizers, as well as dimethicone cream and dimethicone ointment. This is because the ingredient helps keep skin hydrated, soothed, and protected against damage.1,5But dimethicone isn’t just limited to skincare. It also has a place in many cosmetic and haircare formulations, especially as a protectant in two-in-one shampoo/conditioners.1,2
At CeraVe, you can find dimethicone in several of our therapeutic products, likeCeraVe Therapeutic Hand Cream. Using dimethicone,niacinamide,hyaluronic acid, and three essentialceramidesas its star ingredients, this formula helps repair dry, chapped, chafed, or cracked hands. It also helps support your skin’s protective barrier while quenching its thirst, leaving it feeling soft and looking healthier.
If itchy skin is a concern of yours, tryCeraVe Hydrocortisone Anti-Itch Cream, which contains its namesake hydrocortisone (1%) and dimethicone, along with ceramides, niacinamide, and hyaluronic acid. It provides temporary yet lasting itch relief. Alternatively, if psoriasis is causing your skin to feel itchy and uncomfortable, giveCeraVe Psoriasis Moisturizing Creama try. This gently exfoliating formula, which features 2%salicylic acidwithlactic acid, niacinamide, dimethicone, helps calm and relieve your skin while smoothing its appearance and helping to prevent future flare-ups.
For youranti-agingskincare routine, you’ll find dimethicone inCeraVe Skin Renewing Day Cream, along with hyaluronic acid, ceramides, and a broad-spectrum SPF 30. It works to visibly improve fine lines and help support your skin barrier over time.
In short, yes, dimethicone in skincare can work well onoily skin. It’s commonly used in oil-free moisturizers to help lock in moisture without suffocating your skin, leaving it feeling greasy, or clogging your pores.2,4
The National Eczema Association recognizes dimethicone as a skin protectant that helps improve the skin’s protective barrier.7Plus, it specifically recommends some dimethicone skincare products, going so far as to give them the NEA Seal of Acceptance. This includes a number of CeraVe products. TheCeraVe Moisturizing Cream,CeraVe Daily Moisturizing Lotion,CeraVe Hydrocortisone Anti-Itch Cream, andCeraVe Therapeutic Hand Creamare all accepted by the NEA.
Lactic acidis a gentle alpha-hydroxy acid (AHA) that promotes skin cell turnover—which helps soften and smooth skin, improving its overall appearance and texture. Plus, lactic acid is one component of the skin's natural moisturizing factor, a blend of compounds naturally found in the skin that helps it hold on to moisture. Because lactic acid is so gentle, it’s an excellent exfoliant forsensitive skin,dry skin,oily skin,acne-prone skin, andcombination skin. CeraVe’sskincare productscontaining lactic acid do everything from helping to smooth fine lines, improving skin’s natural turnover, and removing dead skin cells to help to soften and smooth skin. Three essentialceramidesare also featured in all CeraVe products to lock in moisture and help restore your skin’s protective barrier.
Find the answers to some frequently asked questions about lactic acid below.
Lactic acid is a mild alpha-hydroxy acid that gently exfoliates skin and helps lock in moisture. By promoting skin cell turnover, it helps improve skin’s appearance and texture, which makes it a valuable tool foranti-aging, acne, and rough and bumpy skin. You’ll find lactic acid paired with glycolic acid in ourSkin Renewing Nightly Exfoliating Treatment, which provides gentle exfoliation to help smooth fine lines, accelerate surface cell renewal, and clear away dead skin cells—without causing flaking or redness.
CeraVe’s lactic acid products are gentle enough to be used every day. No matter whatskin typeyou have, we have lactic acid skincare that’s right for you.
Yes. The Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology (JAAD) affirms the cosmetic skincare benefits of alpha-hydroxy acids such as lactic acid.1
Also known as petroleum jelly, petrolatum is a moisturizing skin protectant that helps prevent moisture loss—and can be used to hydrate areas of the body, like the heels, that can become extremely dry and cracked. Petrolatum is most often found in balms,ointments, lotions and creams, and is suitable for most skin types.
A derivative of vitamin A, retinol helps to promote the skin’s natural exfoliation process—which can help to reduce the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles, and hyperpigmentation. With continued use, it can also help to improve the skin's texture, and even skin tone. Although it is most frequently found inanti-agingproducts, retinol is also beneficial for those withacne-prone skinas well. It can help keep your skin clear, improve the appearance of post-acne marks (also called post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation), reduce the appearance of visible pores, and help to refine the skin's texture.
Retinol helps to improve the appearance of skin by increasing the rate of skin cell turnover.
Retinol promotes the skin’s natural exfoliation process which helps to refine the skin's texture. This helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, improve tone and texture, and improve the appearance of post-acne marks.
CeraVe’s retinol products are gentle enough to use every day. Whether you’re wondering how to use retinol for acne, or looking to add an anti-aging serum to your skincare routine, or minimize the look of hyperpigmentation, we have a retinol formula just for you.
Because retinol can break down when exposed to sunlight, we recommend storing your product in a cool, dark space. Retinol can make skin photosensitive, so we advise using your chosen product primarily at night, though products with retinol can be used during the day when combined with asunscreen. Not sure how much retinol to use? When in doubt, follow the instructions on the packaging of your chosen retinol product.
If you’re interested in pairing your retinol product with an AHA, we recommend consulting your dermatologist to determine if using these ingredients together is right for your skin, and the best way to use them together. When layered or alternated, the active profiles of AHA and retinol treatments can cause skin sensitization or discomfort for some users.
You may have come across vitamin C in a range of formats; it appears in everything from glasses of juice to supplements.1Vitamin C inskincare—especially in L-ascorbic acid form2—is also widely popular. And for good reason.
A favorite among dermatologists, this naturally-occurringingredientcan be found in vitamin Cserum, vitamin Ceye cream, and more.3,4And what vitamin C is good for isn’t limited to just one thing. It’s used in skincare formulas to help improve the appearance of a wide variety of skin concerns, including visible signs of aging,sun damage, dark spots, and discoloration.3
If you’re interested in learning more about what vitamin C does, keep reading for answers to some of the frequently asked questions we receive about this ingredient. You’ll find out how to use vitamin C serum and when to use vitamin serum, as well as see recommendations to help you choose the right vitamin C serum and vitamin Ceye creamfor your skin.
Vitamin C is an antioxidant—it’s actually one of the most powerful antioxidants in your skin. You see, our skin is constantly being bombarded by harmful elements in our environment, like pollution and UV rays. Skin-stressors like these can lead to the development of free radicals, which cause oxidative stress. Andthiscan lead to accelerated skin damage and leave your skin with a lackluster appearance. Antioxidants, like vitamin C, neutralize free radicals.1,2
To help ensure you’re getting the most out of your vitamin C skincare and any other products with antioxidants, be sure to wear broad-spectrumsunscreenwith an SPF of 30 or higher during the day, and avoid direct sunlight between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. when the sun is at its strongest.5You can do just that withCeraVe Hydrating Sheer Sunscreen Broad Spectrum SPF 30 for Face & Body, which blends the power and benefits of both mineral and chemical sunscreens, helping effectively reflect and absorb the sun's damaging rays.
Despite vitamin C being the most abundant antioxidant in our skin, we lack an enzyme that plants and some other animals use to synthesize it internally.2Hence, why we need to obtain it by eating fruits and vegetables, like citrus, leafy greens, broccoli, and strawberries, or apply it topically with vitamin C skincare. Topical use in particular is effective for fending off skin-damaging free radicals.4When we have ample vitamin C levels in our skin, it helps neutralize oxidative stress caused by the sun’s harmful rays and pollution.2
To add this ingredient to your routine, consider using face creams with vitamin C or getting vitamin C serum benefits from theCeraVe Skin RenewingVitamin C Serum.2Formulated with 10% pure vitamin C (also known as l-ascorbic acid), this potent yet gentle anti-aging serum helps brighten the appearance of your complexion and supports softer, more radiant, and healthier-looking skin.
Vitamin C is commonly obtained through eating, drinking, or supplements. But in dermatology, topical usage (like applying a vitamin C serum or vitamin C eye serum) is favored.4
Try a targeted formulation likeCeraVe Skin RenewingVitamin C Serumto introduce vitamin C benefits to your routine. After washing your face with acleanser made for your skin type, apply the vitamin C skincare product, blending it evenly all over your neck and face. Be careful not to get it in your eyes.
Once the serum is fully absorbed, you can then layer any of your other favorite serums or products, and follow everything up with a moisturizer, likeCeraVe Ultra Light Gel Moisturizer. This lightweight, oil-free facial gel, which features CeraVe’s three essential ceramides, provides much-needed hydration and leaves skin feeling soothed. Finish with amineral or chemical sunscreen, and you’re good to go—just don’t forget to reapply your sunscreen throughout the day.
Vitamin C can play well with a range of other ingredients, such as retinoids, alpha-hydroxy acids like glycolic acid, and antioxidants.4In fact, not only can vitamin C be used with other ingredients, but it should be. Vitamin C is only one part of a comprehensive skincare regimen. For instance, vitamin C is far from the only ingredient in theCeraVe Skin RenewingVitamin C Serum. The formula also features hyaluronic acid, ceramides, and vitamin B5 (a.k.a. pantothenic acid)
We’re happy to report that you can safely reap the anti-aging, sun damage-, dark spot-, and discoloration-fighting benefits of vitamin C, while enjoying retinol’s ability to reduce the appearance of dark spots, enlarged pores, and fine lines over time.6Just follow your vitamin C serum with a retinol of your choice. We likeCeraVe Resurfacing Retinol SerumandCeraVe Skin Renewing Retinol Serum, which each help to improve the appearance of dark spots, like post-acne marks, as well as pores and skin texture. They also contain niacinamide and ceramides and help lock in moisture and support your skin’s protective barrier.
Or, seeing as how it’s imperative to wear sunscreen every day—especially when using a vitamin C serum or retinol4,6—tryCeraVe Skin Renewing Day Cream. Formulated with a blend of UVA and UVB filters, encapsulated retinol, hyaluronic acid, and ceramides, this multitasking moisturizer helps reduce the look of fine lines and rough texture to leave your skin with a more radiant appearance. Bonus: It’s also non-comedogenic, which means it won’t clog your pores.
Vitamin C products can be beneficial for those seeking to boost brightness, reduce the appearance of dark spots, and combat visible signs of aging. And since vitamin C skincare is generally considered safe to use on a daily basis and over long periods of time,4this ingredient can typically be added to a skincare routine at any time.
You can start by incorporatingCeraVe Skin RenewingVitamin C Seruminto your daily regimen—after cleansing, and before moisturizing—to help brighten your skin, smooth its texture, and visibly improve an uneven tone while helping to support your skin’s natural barrier. Then, follow it up withCeraVe Skin RenewingVitamin C Eye Cream, which contains 5% pure vitamin C, ceramides, and caffeine and helps visibly smooth, brighten, and even out the skin around your eyes. The result: Less noticeable dark circles, under-eye puffiness, and fine lines.
If you aren’t sure whether vitamin C skincare is right for you, consult your dermatologist. They can help with personalized skincare recommendations and also answer questions about pairing vitamin C with other ingredients.
Many vitamin C eye creams can be used safely every day; however, you should always check your products’ unique usage directions. For instance,CeraVe Skin Renewing Vitamin C Eye Creamis formulated for not just once—but twice—daily application for best results.
Here, we’re answering some of the most frequently asked questions about zinc oxide.
Zinc oxide is a key ingredient in topical mineral sunscreen (also known as a physical sunscreen) that helps provide sun protection against damaging UVA and UVB rays. It can be found in SPF created for both the face and body. Zinc oxide sunscreen is generally well-tolerated and can be used in formulations for all skin types, including on babies and those with sensitive skin. This is why the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) recommends applying zinc oxide topically as mineral sunscreen for young children, as opposed to chemical sunscreen, as well as for those with certain skin conditions such as and sensitive skin.1Zinc oxide sunscreen is also advisable for kids and adults that are allergic to active ingredients in chemical sunscreens.
How zinc oxide SPF provides sun protection is actually quite simple. By creating a thin physical barrier, it helps protect your skin from the sun. The SPF sits on your skin’s surface and deflects harmful rays, much like a mirror reflecting light.2
Zinc oxide sunscreen works by forming a physical barrier against UV light and reflecting the sun's rays away from your skin. It’s an excellent form of sun protection, especially for babies, children, and adults, as well as those with sensitive skin or allergies to active ingredients in chemical sunscreens.
Zinc oxide sunscreen is typically well-tolerated and considered safe for all skin types. Mineral SPF, like ones with zinc oxide, are even well-tolerated by people with sensitive skin, and those that are allergic to active ingredients in chemical sunscreen.
Wearing SPF, whether zinc oxide sunscreen or a chemical sunscreen, all day, every day—rain or shine—and reapplying it every two hours is crucial for protecting your skin from the sun’s harmful rays. No matter your age or race, sunscreen is your first line of defense against sun damage, premature aging, and, most importantly, skin cancer.3
1. Sunscreen FAQs; American Academy of Dermatologyhttps://www.aad.org/media/stats-sunscreen
2. How Do I Know if I’m Using the Right Sunscreen?https://www.aad.org/media/stats-sunscreen
Explore CeraVe hair products to find ceramide-infused shampoos and conditioners for hydrated healthy-looking hair.
Ceramides may already be a key ingredient in your gentle skincare routine—but you can reap the benefits of ceramides for hair, too. Cerave’s hair collection includes a range of haircare products infused with ceramides and designed to cleanse without disrupting your scalp’s natural moisture barrier. All CeraVe shampoos and conditioners are free of some common irritants including sulfates,parabens, fragrances, and MIT (methylisothiazolinone), and are created for all hair types and curl patterns(they’re even suitable for color-treated hair).
Developed with dermatologists and tested for safety and gentleness, CeraVe’s hair products are made with your scalp barrier in mind. All hair types can benefit from using the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo, which is formulated withniacinamide,hyaluronic acid, and three skin-identicalceramides. The daily shampoo gently cleanses to remove buildup and impurities without disrupting the scalp barrier. After cleansing, replenish your strands with the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner. When used with the coordinating shampoo, this conditioner leaves hair feeling soft, nourished, and healthy.*
If you’re looking for a gentle shampoo and conditioner to tackle a dry, flaky scalp, the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo is a great pick. * Pair it with the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner for soft, hydrated, and healthy-looking strands.
*With regular use as a system
Ceramides can be very beneficial for your hair and scalp.Ceramidesare compounds that make up about 50% of the lipids within the natural skin barrier.1They help to retain moisture by preventing moisture loss and protecting the hair from environmental damage.1Somestudieshave also found that using ceramide products on the scalp can help minimize the symptoms of dryness, including flaking and itching.2
According to theAmerican Academy of Dermatology, creating your personal hair care routine starts with getting to know your hair inside and out. Identifying your hair type—whether straight, wavy, curly, or coily; dry or oily; fine or thick—can help you select the perfect products tailored to your needs.3
From there, you can start with the basics. Find a gentle shampoo that removes buildup without disrupting your scalp barrier, like the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo. Use it to wash your hair as needed to help prevent buildup and keep your hair feeling clean. If you have thin or oily hair, that may mean shampooing every day; if your hair is thick, dry, or textured, you may benefit from a less frequent shampooing schedule. After washing your hair, replenish moisture with a hydrating conditioner, like the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner, which contains three essential ceramides alongside hyaluronic acid and niacinamide. Those with flaky scalps may want to opt for an anti-dandruff shampoo and conditioner, like the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner, instead. Or, try a two-in-one product, like the CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner. When showering, use lukewarm—rather than hot—water, and try to limit your time in the shower to avoid drying out your scalp and skin.
Ceramides can be a great addition to your hair care routine. How often you’ll want to use them depends on the formula you’re using. The CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo and CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner are designed for daily use, while our anti-dandruff shampoos and conditioners should be used at least twice a week (or as directed by a doctor) for the best results.
MIT is Methylisothiazolinone, a synthetic preservative used in consumer products to inhibit bacterial growth.  MIT used at certain concentration has been known to cause allergic reactions in some people and we formulate without it for this reason.
Your skin doesn’t stop at your hairline. Cleanse and hydrate your scalp and hair with CeraVe shampoos for all hair types.
You’re likely aware of the importance of caring for your skin barrier—but your scalp barrier is equally important. Like the rest of your skin barrier, your scalp barrier consists of lipids,ceramides, natural moisturizing factors, and proteins that work together to help keep your scalp hydrated and comfortable.
To keep your scalp feeling healthy, it’s important to wash your hair with a gentle shampoo that can help remove buildup without disrupting your scalp barrier.* CeraVe shampoos are all formulated with hyaluronic acid, niacinamide, and ceramides and gently cleanse without disrupting your scalp’s moisture barrier. They’re designed to be gentle on your scalp and your hair and are made with all hair types and textures in mind. Plus, all of the formulas are pH-balanced, non-comedogenic, and free from the following common irritants: sulfates, parabens, and fragrances.
*When used as a system with CeraVe Hydrating Conditioner.
For a gentle yet effective daily cleanse, use a hydrating shampoo, like the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo. Formulated withniacinamide,hyaluronic acid,and three skin-identicalceramides, this daily shampoo leaves the hair feeling healthy, soft, and nourished.*
We also have two shampoos designed specifically for dry, flaky scalps. To help combat itching and flaking, lather up with the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo. Developed with dermatologists, this hydrating shampoo helps reduce flaking, itchiness, and irritation without disrupting the scalp barrier.* Or, streamline your morning routine with the CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner, which removes buildup without stripping away natural moisture for healthy-feeling hair. **
Browse our collection of shampoos with ceramides and enjoy soft, healthy-feeling hair today.
Yes, ceramides can be beneficial for your hair and scalp.Ceramidesare lipids that make up about 50% of the skin's lipids to form the natural skin barrier.1They help to retain moisture by preventing moisture loss and protecting the hair from environmental damage.1Somestudieshave also found that using ceramide products on the scalp can help minimize the symptoms of dryness, including flaking and itching.2
Low-porosity hair is slow to absorb moisture and quick to experience buildup. Experience the benefits of using ceramides for your low-porosity hair by trying CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo as a ceramide shampoo that gently cleanses and provides moisture, all while preventing build-up.
When using products containing ceramides, it’s necessary to follow instructions directed by the manufacturer. All CeraVe hair formulas are suitable for daily use.
All CeraVe shampoos gently cleanse the scalp and hair to remove buildup, though each shampoo offers slightly different benefits.
The CeraVe Gentle Hydrating shampoo with ceramides provides a gentle cleanse without disrupting the scalp barrier. It’s designed with all hair types in mind and is suitable for daily use. The CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo, meanwhile, helps eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes and relieves itch and irritation.* For best results, use it twice a week, or as directed by a doctor. Finally, the Cerave Anti-Dandruff 2-in-1 Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner removes buildup without stripping the scalp moisture barrier. It helps eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes and is designed for use twice weekly, or as directed by your doctor.**
Gentle shampoos are those that contain mild detergents and help cleanse the scalp and hair without stripping away essential moisture. If you’re looking for a gentle shampoo for everyday use, try the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo, which is suitable for all hair types and textures, in addition to being allergy-tested for sensitive scalps.
It is important to establish a regular cleansing schedule for your scalp. You should wash your hair at least 1-2 times a week or as needed based on your individual requirements. Additionally, choose a shampoo that targets any specific issues you may have, such as dry hair or an itchy scalp.
If you’re looking to address dandruff and flakes, CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo helps eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes while also reducing itch and irritation without disrupting the scalp barrier.*
Hydrate your hair with CeraVe conditioners with ceramides, hyaluronic acid, and niacinamide, made for all hair types and curl patterns, & color-treated hair.
Conditioners are a crucial step in everyday hair care routines, providing the hydration and moisture our hair needs after cleansing. When searching for your next hair conditioner, consider your hair type, texture, and unique needs to discover the perfect product for you. At CeraVe, we’ve worked alongside dermatologists to create hydrating conditioners that make your hair and scalp a priority. All of our haircare formulations are free from somecommon irritantsincluding sulfates, parabens, MIT (methylisothiazolinone), and fragrances, and they’re designed with all hair types and textures in mind.
For gentle nourishment after your daily shampoo, reach for the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner. The pH-balanced conditioner containsniacinamide,hyaluronic acid, and three skin-identicalceramidesin its formula. It supports a haircare system that gently cleanses and removes buildup without disrupting the scalp’s natural moisture barrier. For the best results, we recommend using it after washing your hair with the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo.
If you have a dry, itchy, or flaky scalp or are prone to dandruff, consider using the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner at least twice weekly or as directed by your doctor. When used alongside the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo, the anti-dandruff conditioner helps eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes.*
Finally, to gently cleanse and hydrate a flaky, itchy scalp in one simple step, try the CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Shampoo and Conditioner. The multipurpose formula removes buildup without stripping away moisture, leaving the hair feeling healthy and soft. With continued use, it also helps eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes, plus relieve itching and irritation associated with dandruff, without disrupting the scalp barrier.*
Hydrating conditioners are designed to help hair feel soft and moisturized. They often contain humectant ingredients likehyaluronic acid, which attract and hold water to make hair softer and more hydrated. With regular use, hydrating conditioners may help improve hair’s look and feel, leaving it soft and healthy-looking.
For the best results, you’ll want to use a hydrating conditioner after washing your hair with a gentle shampoo to remove buildup and other residue. Use a gentle conditioner like the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner after washing your hair for soft, healthy-feeling hair.** If you have a dry or flaky scalp, reach for a conditioner designed to help combat the signs of dandruff, like the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner, which supports a system that helps eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes, itch, and irritation without disrupting the scalp barrier.* For a simplified routine, you can also opt for the multi-taskingCeraVe 2 in 1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo & Conditioner.
**When used as a system with CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo
Although a hydrating conditioner provides hair with many benefits, it’s best to use it according to the product instructions. In most cases, this means rinsing your conditioner out after applying it.
If you want to give your hair an additional boost of moisture, consider using a leave-in conditioner, too. These are designed to be applied to damp hair after showering and don’t need to be rinsed out the way a traditional hydrating conditioner might.
Ceramidesare lipids that make up about 50% of the skin's lipids in the natural moisture barrier.1They help to retain moisture by preventing moisture loss and protecting the hair from environmental damage.1
All CeraVe hair formulas are gentle and suitable for all hair types and textures, and are suitable for color-treated hair.
Say goodbye to scalp itchiness and hello to relief from symptoms of dandruff with CeraVe's anti-dandruff hair care products for all hair types.
While common, dandruff can be uncomfortable and frustrating to deal with. It can also be embarrassing when flakes make an appearance. Fortunately, there are plenty of things that you can do to help keep flakes and itching at bay—and it all starts with selecting the right hair products for dandruff.
At CeraVe, we have a range of clinically tested anti-dandruff haircare products to help promote hydrated, healthy-feeling hair. Our anti-dandruff shampoos and conditioners are formulated without some common irritants, including sulfates, MIT, dyes, parabens, and fragrances, and they’re suitable for individuals with all hair types and curl patterns.
The CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo makes for a great first step in your haircare routine. Withniacinamide,hyaluronic acid,ceramides, and 1% Pyrithione Zinc, the anti-dandruff shampoo gently cleanses to remove buildup without stripping away moisture or disrupting the scalp’s natural moisture barrier. When used alongside the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner, it helps remove up to 100% of visible flakes, reduces scalp itchiness and irritation.* The allergy-tested formula should be used at least twice a week, or as often as recommended by a doctor, to help promote soft, healthy-feeling hair.*
Alternatively, you could use a multi-purpose product for dandruff, like the CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo & Conditioner. Like all CeraVe haircare products, this sulfate-free anti-dandruff shampoo and conditioner is pH-balanced, allergy-tested, and suitable for sensitive scalps. Use the multitasking formula at least twice weekly, or as directed by a doctor, to gently cleanse your scalp and hair and help eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes, plus relieve itch and irritation, without disrupting the scalp barrier.**With the right anti-dandruff hair products in your lineup, a more comfortable scalp is within reach.
We recommend using your CeraVe anti-dandruff shampoo and conditioner at least twice a week to see the best results. If you’re unsure about the cadence of using anti-dandruff hair products that work best for your needs, consult with your doctor or dermatologist.
We recommend using both an anti-dandruff shampoo and conditioner to remove buildup, help control flakes, and other dandruff symptoms. Start by washing your hair with a gentle anti-dandruff shampoo, like the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo, which removes buildup without disrupting the scalp barrier. Then, rinse thoroughly and apply the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner to help support soft, healthy-looking hair.
If you’d prefer a single product, CeraVe also offers a 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner, which helps remove up to 100% of visible flakes, plus helps control itching and irritation, without disrupting the scalp’s natural moisture barrier.**
According to theMayo Clinic, anti-dandruff shampoos are medicated shampoos that cleanse the hair and scalp by removing excess oils and dead skin cells that can contribute to flakes and irritation1.
Anti-dandruff shampoos typically contain specific active ingredients that target the symptoms of dandruff.CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo,CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner, andCeraVe 2 in 1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo & Conditionerare formulated with 1% Pyrithione Zinc and are designed to help eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes, and to relieve itch, without disrupting the scalp barrier or striping away hair’s moisture.*
How often you wash your hair should be dictated by your hair type. Those with oily hair may need to wash their hair every day or every other day to help keep their scalp and hair feeling clean, while those with drier scalps, curly or coily hair, or thick hair may only need to shampoo less often. If you’re washing your hair daily, it may be best to rotate between a standard shampoo, like the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo, and your anti-dandruff shampoo. If you’re unsure how often you should wash your hair, consult with a board-certified dermatologist.
Anti-dandruff shampoos typically contain specific ingredients that fight the symptoms of dandruff. Our anti-dandruff hair products are formulated with 1% Pyrithione Zinc, along with hydrating ingredients including ceramides, hyaluronic acid, and niacinamide.
CeraVe has developed a Gentle hair care system that gently cleanses and removes buildup without disrupting the scalp’s natural moisture barrier. To add gentle nourishment and daily cleansing into your hair care routine, reach for CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo and CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner.
CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo is a clinically tested formula designed to remove buildup without stripping your hair of moisture.* The innovative formula withthree essential ceramides, niacinamide, andhyaluronic acidwas developed with dermatologists to be gentle on your scalp and hair. Paired with CeraVe Hydrating Conditioner, the hydrating shampoo leaves hair feeling healthy and soft. Both formulas are pH-balanced, non-comedogenic, and allergy-tested and suitable for sensitive scalps. They’re also phthalate-free, sulfate-free, paraben-free,fragrance-free, and formulated for all hair types, including curls and color-treated hair.
Any good haircare routine should include not just a shampoo, but a conditioner. Conditioner is designed to help make your hair more manageable and soft. Depending on the formula, it can offer a range of other benefits too, such as hydration and gentle scalp care. We recommend picking a sulfate-free conditioner that works for all hair types and features beneficial ingredients.
CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner is a gentle formula withthree essential ceramides, hyaluronic acid, andniacinamide. It was developed with dermatologists to pair with our Gentle Hydrating Shampoo. Used together, they cleanse without disrupting the skin barrier, leaving hair feeling healthy and soft. The conditioner, which is suitable for all hair types (including curly hair and color-treated hair), is pH-balanced,non-comedogenic, phthalate-free, sulfate-free, paraben-free, fragrance-free, allergy-tested, and suitable for use on sensitive scalps.
*when used as a system with CeraVe Hydrating Conditioner
One of the best ways to care for your skin is with a daily routine that addresses your skin’s unique needs. The right skincare routine for yourskin typecan help keep your complexion looking healthy, hydrated, and radiant—while keepingskin concernslikedrynessat bay.To help you achieve yourskincare goals, CeraVe has created simple, yet effective skincare routines for all skin types using our gentlecleansers, non-comedogenicmoisturizers, broad-spectrumsunscreens, and more. Our skincare routines featuredermatologist-developedproducts with proveningredients, includinghyaluronic acid,retinol, and three essentialceramides.Browse our routines and learn more about how to create a skincare regimen that works for you in a few easy-to-follow steps.
Skincare routines are made up of a combination of skincare products that, when used in a certain order, are intended to support a healthy-looking complexion. The main idea behind a skincare routine is that, by using skincareproductsconsistently, you can help your skin look and feel its best. Skincare routines are usually done in the morning and at night, with products being applied in steps—usually from the lightest to the heaviest formulas.Skincare routines are also recommended by dermatologists as part of their treatment plans for various skin conditions—includingeczema,psoriasis, andacne. To browse some examples of simple, yet effective skincare routines, check out ourcombination skincare routine,men’s skincare routine, andanti-aging skincare routine.
Daily skincare can have many benefits, from enhancing your skin’s appearance to supporting long-term skin quality. A consistent skincare routine using CeraVe products can also help support your skin barrier—which is essential for keeping moisture in and harmful irritants out. CeraVe products are developed with three essential ceramides that lock in moisture and help maintain your skin’s protective barrier—which can directly influence how your skin looks and feels. To learn more, visitThe Ceramides Difference.When personalized for yourskin type, a skincare routine can also help address specificskin concernswith targeted benefits. For example, they can help hydratedry skin, minimize the appearance offine lines, and help preventacne breakouts. A good skincare routine can also help protect your skin against damage from thesun’s harmful UV raysand keep your pores clear of pore-clogging dirt, oil, and bacteria.Skincare routines can also leave your skin feeling pampered. For this reason, they are often considered an act of self-care. And lastly, having skin that appears clear and healthy may also help boost your confidence and self-image.
It’s easy to feel overwhelmed if you’re starting a skincare routine for the first time. There’s a great deal of information out there about which products you should use and when, fromexfoliatingroutines todouble cleansing,slugging, and more. However, building an effective skincare routine doesn’t need to be complicated. Dermatologists generally recommend a “less is more” approach to skincare that includes three basic skincare steps:cleansing,moisturizing, andsun protection.It’s also helpful to identify your skin type and goals when starting a skincare routine. In other words, what are your skin’s natural tendencies and what would you like to achieve from your daily regimen? Based on this, you may choose to add additional products to your routine based on your specific skin concerns. If you have acne-prone skin, for example, you might choose to add asalicylic acidacne treatment likeCeraVe Acne Control Gelto your daily routine. Once you find the ideal products for your skin type and skin concerns, theAmerican Academy of Dermatology(AAD) recommends sticking to a consistent morning and nighttime routine.1
Every well-rounded skincare routine should include a few key products. The first product you should use in your daily routine is a non-drying,fragrance-freefacial cleanser. The ideal face wash can cleanse and refresh your skin without over-stripping it or disrupting the skin’s moisture barrier.The second skincare essential is a non-comedogenic face moisturizer. Facial moisturizers work to hydrate your skin and seal in moisture to help prevent dry,rough, orflakyskin. And lastly, your skincare routine should always include broad-spectrumsunscreen(withSPF30 or higher) to help protect your skin from the damaging effects of the sun.Besidescleansing, moisturizing, andsun protection, there may be other skincare products or topical treatments that your dermatologist will recommend as part of a personalized plan. This will vary based on your skin’s needs, however, so it’s important to always consult with a board-certified dermatologist if you have any questions about your specific routine.
When utilized correctly and consistently, skincare routines can help support your skin’s appearance. When building a skincare routine, it’s important to remember that results can take time and you won’t see results overnight. You’ll need a bit of patience and consistency in order to reap the full benefits of your daily regimen.In addition, it’s possible to go overboard with your skincare routine by using too many products or choosing formulas that are too harsh for your skin. If you experience any stinging, burning, redness, or irritation following your skincare routine, we recommend consulting with your doctor or a board-certified dermatologist. All in all, if you treat your skin gently and choose dermatologist-approved skincare formulas for your routine, it’s possible to enjoy smoother, softer, and more radiant-looking skin.
The term “skincare routine” is often used to describe facial skincare. However, the skin on yourbodyalso requires plenty of TLC to look and feel its best. This is where a body care routine comes in. These skincare routines focus on supporting smooth, healthy-looking skin on your body. Some of the skincare essentials we recommend for an effective body care routine include a broad-spectrumbody sunscreenwith SPF 30 and a nourishingbody moisturizer, like abody lotion, cream, or ointment. For skincare tips and advice on how to care for skin on your body, head to ourbody care routine for dry skin.
Today! When it comes to skincare, it’s never too early (or too late) to get started. You can find inspiration by browsing ourskincare routine for oily skinor ourskincare routine for dry skin. We also recommend using ourSkincare Solution Finderto find the best products and daily routine for your skin’s unique needs. Or, connect with aboard-certified dermatologistin-person or virtually to get answers to your skincare routine questions.
Developed with Dermatologists, CeraVe products contain a blend of three essential ceramides that are identical to those found naturally in your skin, helping to replenish you skin's natural lipid levels and restore a healthy skin balance. Learn more about theceramides difference.
Developed withdermatologists, all CeraVe products contain a unique blend of three essentialceramidesthat are identical to those found naturally in your skin. Our range of fragrance-free products are formulated to lock in moisture and help maintain your skin’s protective barrier. Learn more about what goes into our products and which ingredients are right for you—includinghyaluronic acid,niacinamide,vitamin C,salicylic acid, and a host of other proven ingredients.
The best skincare ingredients for your daily regimen will depend on a number of factors—like your primary skin concerns,skin type, and complexion goals. And, because every individual’s skin is unique, the right solutions can vary from person to person. According to theCleveland Clinic, some of the most popular ingredients used in skincare formulas today include hyaluronic acid, niacinamide,retinol, alpha-hydroxy acids (likelactic acid), and beta-hydroxy acids (like salicylic acid).1You can find all of these ingredients and more in CeraVe products, as well as our three essentialceramidesand MVE technology.
The term “active ingredient” refers to the primary part of a product’s formulation. In other words, the “active” in a skincare formula is the main ingredient used to deliver the key benefits you see on the label.  TheU.S. Food & Drug Administration(FDA) requires active ingredients to be highlighted on the packaging of any skincare product that’s classified as a drug (such as sunscreen). For drug products, these active ingredients must also be listed on the label in order from the highest to the lowest concentration.2Always read the label closely when deciding whether a product is right for you, and apply your skincare products by following the label’s instructions. Consult with adermatologistregarding any questions on specific active ingredients and advice on which may be best for your skin concerns.
Ourproductsare developed with dermatologists to include carefully selected ingredients for many skin types and concerns. Different ranges include targeted ingredients that are geared towards helping you address specific skin issues, fromacnetoeczemaanddiabetic skin. CeraVe’s products for acne-prone skin, for example, feature beneficial ingredients such as salicylic acid andbenzoyl peroxide. Ourfaceandbodysunscreenproducts contain active ingredients, liketitanium dioxideandzinc oxide, and are designed to help protect your skin from the sun’s harmful rays. Regardless of which CeraVe range you choose, all products feature three essential ceramides and are formulated to lock in moisture and help maintain your skin’s protective barrier.
Ceramides and other lipids are key for maintaining healthy-looking skin. These lipids are like the “glue” that holds your skin cells together. They help keep your skin barrier intact so that it can keep essential moisture in and harmful irritants out. All CeraVe products feature a unique blend of three essential ceramides, which are identical to those found naturally in your skin. To learn more, visit theStrength of Ceramides.
There are many different types of ingredients available in skincare products today. These ingredients are often grouped together into categories based on their primary functions. Exfoliants, for example, are skincare ingredients that work by removing dead skin cells from your skin’s outer layer. Some ingredients that fall into this category include chemical exfoliants like salicylic acid, lactic acid, and glycolic acid.In addition to this, you’ll also find moisturizing ingredients—including humectants, occlusives, and emollients—which are explained in more detail in ourmoisturizer guide. These include ingredients likepetrolatum, hyaluronic acid, anddimethicone. Other types of skincare ingredients include chemical or mineral sun filters, cleansing agents, and more. When in doubt, a board-certified dermatologist can help you choose the right ingredients for your skin’s needs.
When reading the labels of your favorite CeraVe products, there are a few key things to look for. If you see the term “non-comedogenic,” for example, it means that the product was specially formulated not to clog your pores. In addition to this, CeraVe skincare formulas are also “fragrance-free” and “allergy-tested,” meaning that they’re formulated with ingredients that are less likely to trigger allergic skin reactions—such as redness, itching, or irritation. Learn more in“Non-Comedogenic,” “Fragrance-Free,” and “Allergy-Tested Explained by the Experts.”
Understanding what’s in your skincare products can help you choose the right formulas for your needs. However, everyone’s skin is unique, and therefore, requires a personalized approach. For help building a skincare routine backed by dermatologists, head to ourSkincare Solution Finder. And, if additional guidance is needed, always consult with a board-certified dermatologist. They will be able to answer any questions you may have and recommend the right types of ingredients for your skincare goals. To learn more about CeraVe’s formulas for different skin types, browse ourskincare tipsandskincare routines.
Skin concerns likeacneandeczemacan be difficult to manage, but they shouldn’t keep you from achieving your skincare goals. Understanding yourskin type(and what causes common skin concerns) is an important first step to finding the right products for your needs. Whether you haverough and bumpyskin, a skin condition likepsoriasis, or a combination of other skin issues, there are targeted options available to help restore the appearance of smooth, healthy-looking skin.
Learn more about your skin concerns below—including common signs and causes, and how a CeraVeskincare routinecan help you manage them.
When your skin barrier is functioning properly, it works to keep essential moisture in and harmful irritants out. This usually translates to skin that appears healthy, smooth, and hydrated. However, if your skin barrier function is disrupted, you may notice unwanted changes to your skin’s appearance. These noticeable skin issues are often referred to in general terms as “skin concerns.”Skin concerns can vary greatly from person to person. They may also be impacted by external factors, such as your age, where you live, genetics, and lifestyle. According to a recentStatistasurvey, the biggest skin concerns for 2022 includeddryness,acne, and pores. Other notable skin concerns were fine lines and wrinkles, dullness, and dark spots.1
The five skin types, according to theAmerican Academy of Dermatology(AAD), includeoily,dry,combination,normal, andsensitive skin.2These skin types are a categorization of how your skin usually looks and feels. For example, if you often experience skin concerns like excess shine, enlarged pores, and frequent breakouts, you probably haveoily skin. On the other hand, if your skin feels oily in some areas (such as around your T-zone) butdryin others (like your cheeks), you might havecombination skin. Each skin type has its own unique set of concerns and specific needs when it comes to maintaining healthy-looking skin. To learn more, head to ourskin type guide.
There are a wide variety of skin conditions that affect people of all ages. According to theNational Institutes of Health(NIH), skin disorders impact as many as one in three Americans at any time.3Some examples of common skin conditions include acne, atopic dermatitis (eczema), andpsoriasis. For more information on skin disorders and general skin health, consult with your doctor or a board-certified dermatologist.
People witheczemahave a weakened skin barrier, which can lead to a variety of skin issues. Eczema can occur anywhere on the body and may cause your skin to feel dry, itchy, and uncomfortable, withscaly, rough patches. The dryness that’s often associated with eczema can also lead to scratching and rubbing, which may result in swollen skin rashes. Although it’s most often developed in childhood, eczema affects people of all ages—including 16.5 million adults in the United States.4
One way to help address your skin concerns is with a targeted dailyskincare routine. Whether you’re dealing with acne or visible signs ofaging, a consistent skincare routine can help you achieve your complexion goals. However, it’s important to choose the right formulas for your skin type and skin concerns. CeraVe’sFind My Skincare Solutiontool can help you narrow down the ideal range of products for your skin’s unique needs. But remember: Only your physician or a dermatologist can assess and diagnose any skin conditions (such as eczema, psoriasis, or cystic acne) and recommend an effective management plan.
Board-certified dermatologistsare the experts of the skincare world, assessing and providing treatment for over 3,000 diseases of the skin, hair, and nails.5These medical professionals can assist you with combating specific skin concerns, such as acne, rashes, wrinkles, itching, flaking, or skin irritation. When it comes to skin conditions like eczema or psoriasis, it’s important to remember that only a medical professional, such as your dermatologist, can offer a qualified diagnosis and provide treatment options. For help connecting with a dermatologist, visit ourFind a Dermatologistpage to schedule a virtual or in-person appointment with a skincare professional.
Dry skincan look and feel rough, itchy, flaky, or scaly. It can affect large areas on the body or smaller patches of skin, varying from person to person.
Dry skin, also known as xerosis or xeroderma, is a common condition that affects people of all ages. It is characterized by a lack of moisture in the skin and has manycauses, including cold or dry weather, sun damage, harsh soaps, and overbathing.
Ways in which dry skin can be improved include regular moisturizing, restoring the skin’s protective barrier, and practicingsun protectionyear-round.
Social media influence and evolving skincare trends can create confusion on how to best care for the skin. It’s important to remember that skincare routines don’t have to be complicated—especially for tweens and teens. Explore our library to learn how to better understand and care for tween and teen skin. Keep it simple with 3 easy steps:Cleanse,Moisturize, andProtect.
Cleanse with a mild cleanser that won't strip the skin of its natural oils and that doesn’t leave the skin feeling tight and dry.Moisturize with a fragrance-free cream or lotion that contains gentle ingredients like ceramides, hyaluronic acid, and niacinamide.Protect with sunscreens that contain sun protection factor (SPF) to help prevent damage from harmful UV rays.
Look for ingredients like skin-identical ceramides, hyaluronic acid, and niacinamide, which are gentle and can help soothe the skin.
A dermatologist can provide tailored advice for your teen’s unique skin needs, helping to prevent issues and introducing products safely to avoid irritation.
Too many products can overwhelm the skin. Stick to a simple routine with gentle products.
Look for fragrance-free skincare to help avoid irritation.
Steer clear of products with retinol, acids, or harsh exfoliants unless directed by amedical professional. These can damage the skin barrier.
Use acne treatments as needed. It can be tempting to over-apply acne treatments, but overuse can dry out the skin and cause irritation.
Avoid scratching, picking, or popping pimples or insect bites. This can spread oils and bacteria, leading to more breakouts. Picking at acne can also cause skin injury, swelling, or scarring.
Acne has many potential triggers, such as hormones, stress, and diet. Be mindful and try to take time for self-care when you can.
Dréno B, Araviiskaia E, Kerob D, et al. Nonprescription acne vulgaris treatments: Their role in our treatment armamentarium—An international panel discussion.J Cosmet Dermatol. 2020;19(9):2201-2211.
Hydrating Facial Cleanser, Acne Foaming Cream Cleanser, Acne Control Cleanser, Foaming Facial Cleanser
Moisturizing Cream Daily Moisturizing, Lotion AM Facial Moisturizing Lotion SPF 30, PM Facial Moisturizing Lotion*, Ultra-Light Moisturizing Gel
Hydrating Sheer Sunscreen SPF 30, Hydrating Mineral Sunscreen Sheer Tint SPF 30, Sunscreen Stick SPF 50
*Product tested on adults 18+
The formulation of skin-identical ceramides with MultiVesicular Emulsion Technology (MVE) was the birth of CeraVe. We have the only line of skincare products with a unique blend of three essential ceramides, plus patented MVE technology that gradually releases our ceramide-enriched formula over an extended period of time. MVE is like a sphere with a series of layers that slowly dissolves, releasing the ingredients into your skin. The product continues to work after it is applied, hydrating your skin all day in just one use. This system—along with our unique combination of skin-identical ceramides—helps replenish your skin’s existing ceramides, relieves dry skin by reducing moisture loss, increases hydration and helps restore the skin barrier.
CeraVe is the #1dermatologist recommended skincare brand1. Whether you need products for your sensitive, oily, acne-prone, combination or normal skin, need a soothing moisturizer for your baby, have specific skin concerns, like eczema or psoriasis, or just want a hydrating serum or anti-aging cream, CeraVe can help.
1. IQVIA, ProVoice Survey, 12 months ending December 2023
Ceramides are the cornerstone of CeraVe's approach to skincare. Recognizing their critical role in maintaining the skin's natural barrier, we have been infusing our products with three essential ceramides since the brand's beginning. This trio of ceramides – 1, 3, and 6-II – work synergistically to hydrate skin and help lock in essential moisture. Developed with dermatologists, our unique formulations help to fortify skin’s natural protective barrier against environmental aggressors and prevent moisture loss.
At the heart of CeraVe's innovation is our MultiVesicular Emulsion (MVE) Delivery Technology, a revolutionary delivery system that we've been using since our earliest days. Developed with dermatologists, MVE Delivery Technology is designed to release our ceramide-enriched formula over an extended period, ensuring lasting hydration and barrier support. This time-release mechanism, incorporated in many products across our portfolio, allows for steady, controlled absorption of ingredients, providing continuous hydration and protection to the skin throughout the day.Our commitment to this advanced technology underscores our dedication to developing skincare solutions that offer more than momentary relief – they provide enduring, science-backed skincare benefits.
Claim your free best-sellers sample bundle
Coderch L, López O, de la Maza A, Parra JL_. Ceramides and skin function. American journal of clinical dermatology_. 2003;4(2):107-29.
From ceramides to breakthroughs in skin barrier innovation, CeraVe marks 20 years of science-backed innovation. What began as a dermatologist-led approach to hydration has become a global standard for barrier care. Explore how a few essential formulas reshaped routines and why millions trust CeraVe to deliver results that last.
CeraVe products have two key components: Ceramides that are natural lipids that help keep your skin strong, smooth, and protected. And MVE Technology is like a time-release system that delivers hydration throughout the day—so your skin stays nourished, well beyond the first application of the product.
CeraVe launches with Moisturizing Cream, Moisturizing Lotion and Hydrating Facial Cleanser. The pairing of Ceramides and MVE Delivery Technology introduces a new way to hydrate.
The first CeraVe clinical studies confirm the effectiveness of CeraVe skincare products in soothing eczema-prone skin
CeraVe routine? Check! Day-to-night facial moisturizers launch and offer round-the-clock hydration
Clinical studies demonstrate the benefits of moisturizers with ceramides for restoring the skin barrier
CeraVe expands delivering gentle and effective skincare designed specifically for babies and includes Wash & Shampoo and Daily Moisturizing Lotion.
Skin barrier health becomes available worldwide with CeraVe expanding to over 35 countries!
CeraVe becomes the #1 Dermatologist Recommended Skincare Brand being further recognized for scientific credibility and dermatologist developed formulas
During the COVID-19 pandemic our fearless heath care workers were celebrated with the “Thank You Nurses” campaign
Acne line expands to include Acne Control Cleanser and Ance Control Gel and is now the #1 Acne brand recommended by Dermatologists in the US.
The social impact program “Care For All” begins and aims to improve access to dermatological care in underserved communities around the world
CeraVe champions global skin wellness, officially partnering and becoming the Official Sponsor of World Skin Health Day!
CeraVe launches Balancing AirFoam Cleanser with Glycolysine, reinforcing its commitment to skin barrier innovation and continuing to lead the way in the future of skincare.
These CeraVe staples are longtime favorites for a reason. Choose CeraVe Hydrating Facial Cleanser for gentle cleansing or CeraVe Foaming Facial Cleanser for a fresh, balanced feel. Finish with CeraVe Moisturizing Cream or the CerVe Daily Moisturizing Lotion to deeply hydrate and support your skin barrier. Mix and match for a personalized routine. Trusted care for dry, sensitive, or mature skin—made to last since 2005.
CeraVe created the Care for All program with the goal of improving access to dermatological care in underserved communities. We provide mentorship, educational training, grants and funding, and additional resources to caregivers around the world to help close the coverage gap.
With the International Alliance for Global Health Dermatology (GLODERM), CeraVe co-developed a mentorship program for a new generation of dermatologist changemakers focused on the movement for accessible skin health.
In the US, CeraVe works with the National Association of Free and Charitable Clinics (NAFC) and has provided grants for 15 NAFC clinics.
CeraVe Balancing Air Foam Facial Cleanser is a foam cleanser developed with dermatologist designed to care for normal to combination skin—especially those managing skin oiliness and dryness at once. This fragrance-free, non-comedogenic foaming facial cleanser gently lifts away dirt, oil, and impurities without disrupting your skin’s natural barrier. Powered by innovative Glycolysine™ Cleansing Technology, it gently cleanses to help with oil control, plus 24-hour hydration in a lightweight, fresh foam.
Formulated with three essential ceramides and soothing allantoin, this facial cleanser offers an ultra-gentle yet effective cleanse for all skin types, including sensitive skin.
This cleansing foam has been in development for 10 years and is a game changer. Developed with dermatologists, this cleanser uses an innovative Glycolysine Cleansing Technology that cleanses without disrupting the skin’s natural protective barrier. Moreover, the formulation contains three essential ceramides to protect the skin barrier, Allantoin to calm irritation, and amino acids to retain hydration. I am looking forward to recommending this to all of my patients with sensitive skin.
Dr. Lian Mack, Board-Certified Dermatologist
CeraVe Balancing Air Foam Facial Cleanser is the result of 10 years of research and innovation. It features Glycolysine™ Cleansing Technology, a system that effectively cleanses without stripping the skin. This foaming facial cleanser cleanses and hydrates to balance oil and moisture, helping to support a healthier-looking skin barrier over time.
The unique air-foam texture delivers a frictionless, soft, cushiony cleanse. Clinically shown to control oil for up to 8 hours and provide long-lasting 24-hour hydration, it helps your skin feel fresh, clean, and balanced all day long.
•97% found the foaming texture felt as light as air on skin immediately after use•92% found it felt gentle on their skin immediately after use•97% said it removed dirt, oil, and impurities effectively after 1 week use*Based on a Consumer Study on 78 subjects of all skin types, with 1 week of twice-daily product use
Air-foam texture allows for a sensorial, friction-free cleanse that’s easy to rinse.
INGREDIENTS: AQUA / WATER / EAU • GLYCERIN • SODIUM CHLORIDE • GLYCOLIPIDS • DISODIUM COCOYL GLUTAMATE • SODIUM METHYL COCOYL TAURATE • NIACINAMIDE • ALLANTOIN • CERAMIDE NP • CERAMIDE AP • CERAMIDE EOP • CARBOMER • TRIETHYL CITRATE • SODIUM COCOYL GLUTAMATE • SALICYLIC ACID • SODIUM BENZOATE • SODIUM LAUROYL LACTYLATE • CHOLESTEROL • COCO-BETAINE • COCONUT ACID • CAPRYLYL GLYCOL • CITRIC ACID • PHYTOSPHINGOSINE • XANTHAN GUM • POLYEPSILON-LYSINE • BENZOIC ACID
Please be aware that ingredient lists for the products of our brand are updated regularly. Please refer to the ingredient list on your product package for the most up-to-date list of ingredients to ensure it is suitable for your personal use.
Keep the bottle upright when dispensing foam for best performance.
CeraVe Acne Clay-to-Foam Cleanser is a multi-use clay face wash that provides the convenience of 3 acne treatments in 1 product—a daily cleanser, a weekly mask, and an overnight spot treatment—while helping to keep your skin hydrated for up to 24 hours.
Useable for both men and women.
I love the versatility of this product. As a cleanser, it starts with a creamy texture and when mixed with water develops into a light foam, which leaves your skin feeling clean and not stripped. I have also used it as a mask – it quickly dries and the anti-inflammatory effects of the clay reduce redness associated with breakouts. I absolutely love it.
CeraVe Acne Clay-to-Foam Cleanser is a multi-use, 3-in-1 clay face wash that helps visibly reduce the appearance of pores, cleanses and controls shine, and helps maintain your skin barrier. This versatile clay facial cleanser transforms from clay to a fresh-cleaning foam with 2% salicylic acid,  to help clear acne breakouts and help prevent new ones from forming, as well as three essential ceramides and glycerine. From the #1 dermatologist-recommended acne brand in the US, this unique clay face cleanser helps visibly clear blemishes while helping to keep your skin hydrated for up to 24 hours. Gentle, non-comedogenic, and free of fragrances and parabens, in a consumer trial, almost all users agreed it relieved skin discomfort after 2 weeks of using it twice a day, and 100% agreed this clay face wash felt soothing on their skin after 6 weeks.
*In a clinical study, when used twice daily as a cleanser and two times a week as a mask treatment.
As a clay face wash:
As an overnight spot treatment:
For centuries, clay masks have been used to cleanse, and soothe skin.1 This is because clays, like kaolin, have a large surface area, ionic charge, and porosity, enabling them to absorb to help reduce excess shine.2 The CeraVe Clay-to-Foam Cleanser takes it a step further, helping to improve the appearance of pores and gently cleanse, without stripping skin of its essential moisture.
Yes! Many products use clay to help manage oily skin.2And kaolin clay has shown to be especially gentle, even on sensitive and dry skin.1 Clay facial cleanser has also been shown to help improve the look of both skin tone and hydration.2
Yes! Oily or acne-prone skin can leave skin looking shiny and pores enlarged.2A clay infused product, like CeraVe Clay-to-Foam Cleanser, helps absorb excess oil to help clear up breakouts and prevent new ones from forming, all while soothing skin and providing up to 24 hours of hydration. Plus, it can be used in multiple ways: as a clay face cleanser, a mask, and an overnight spot treatment.
CeraVe Blemish Barrier Patches are the first and only hydrocolloid blemish patches with three essentialceramidesplusniacinamide,helping to soothe the skin while immediately reducing the appearance of all types ofblemishesupon application. Developed by dermatologists for clinically proven results, this blemish patch formula absorbs oil in as little as 3 hours and helps protect the delicate skin barrier—decreasing the risk ofdeveloping post-blemish marks.SHOP NOW
CeraVe Blemish Barrier Patches are a one-of-a-kind blemish patch with three essential ceramides and niacinamide. Developed with dermatologists, this formula absorbs oil while soothing the skin and protecting the skin barrier, without leaving marks. These ultra-thin hydrocolloid blemish patches are nearly invisible on all skin tones and have a seamless tapered design, offering discreet and secure wear day or night. Available in 2 sizes (10 mm and 12mm), they immediately reduce the appearance of blemishes—big and small.
From the #1 dermatologist-recommended blemish brand in the US, our new blemish patch goes beyond just absorbing oil and gunk. Each patch is also infused with three essential ceramides and niacinamide to help nourish and soothe skin while protecting the skin barrier. These gentle blemish patches are suitable for sensitive skin, allergy-tested, fragrance-free, and paraben-free.
Consumers who have used them agree: 95% said their skin didn’t look irritated after removal of the patch, so no marks are left behind. And 96% agree the blemish patch feels gentle on skin. Our new Blemish Barrier patches also deter picking to help reduce the risk of developing post-blemish marks.
Visible results in 3 hours
INGREDIENTS: HYDROGENATED POLY(C6-20 OLEFIN) • CELLULOSE GUM • HYDROGENATED STYRENE/BUTADIENE COPOLYMER • PARAFFINUM LIQUIDUM / MINERAL OIL / HUILE MINERALE • AQUA / WATER / EAU • CERAMIDE NP • CERAMIDE AP • CERAMIDE EOP • CARBOMER • NIACINAMIDE • SODIUM LAUROYL LACTYLATE • CHOLESTEROL • PHENOXYETHANOL • PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-T-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE • PHYTOSPHINGOSINE • XANTHAN GUM • ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN
Please be aware that ingredient lists for the products of our brand are updated regularly. Please refer to the ingredient list on your product package for the most up to date list of ingredients to ensure it is suitable to your personal use.
(For refilled products in the store, the most up to date list of ingredients should be obtained locally after refill of the product on the point of sale).
A blemish patch is like a small sticker that covers blemishes, containing a gel called hydrocolloid to help immediately improve the appearance of blemishes upon application. CeraVe Blemish Barrier Patches, developed by dermatologists, contain three essential ceramides and niacinamide as well to achieve visible results in as little as 3 hours. They work by absorbing oil and substances produced by skin, while covering the blemish to prevent further damage, such as from picking.1
The purpose of a blemish patch is to help improve the look of blemishes. This patch can improve the look of blemishes overnight by absorbing the fluid and gunk from them while providing a protective barrier so that further skin irritation doesn't occur. You should only use a blemish barrier patch once, then dispose of it.2CeraVe Blemish Barrier Patches come in packages of 22, with visible results in 3 hours.
Typically, a blemish patch is made of hydrocolloid, a water-absorbing material that forms a gel. This helps draw out oil and other gunk from blemishes while protecting the skin from touching, picking, and drying out.2
Developed with dermatologists, CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo cleanses without stripping away moisture, leaving hair feeling healthy and soft.* The allergy-tested formula is free of phtalates, sulfates, dyes, parabens, fragrance, and MIT for both men and women.
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY BACK ON CERAVE HAIRCARE**
*when used as system with the Gentle Hydrating Conditioner**For a limited time only
The CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner are ideal for those who need extra moisture without irritation. The hydrating ingredients like ceramides and hyaluronic acid help maintain the scalp’s moisture, preventing dryness and keeping both hair and scalp soft and healthy.
Dr. Natasha Mesinkovska, Board Certified Dermatologist
If your hair lacks hydration, it may appear dull and dry. A hydrating shampoo with ingredients that work to lock in moisture can help restore your hair’s healthy appearance. We recommend choosing a sulfate-free shampoo formula that’s gentle and does not disrupt the scalp barrier.
• SCALP & HAIR FEEL HYDRATED FOR UP TO 72 HR**In a consumer test, after one use of gentle hydrating shampoo + conditioner
• HAIR IS 5X MORE HYDRATED WITH JUST 1 WASH**System vs. non-conditioning shampoo
• HAIR IS 10X SMOOTHER WITH JUST 1 WASH**System vs. non-conditioning shampoo
INGREDIENTS:AQUA / WATER / EAU • SODIUM C14-16 OLEFIN SULFONATE • DISODIUM LAURETH SULFOSUCCINATE • DISODIUM COCOAMPHODIACETATE • SODIUM CHLORIDE • GLYCOL DISTEARATE • AMODIMETHICONE • SODIUM LAURYL SULFOACETATE • PPG-5-CETETH-20 • POTATO STARCH MODIFIED • COCAMIDE MIPA • CERAMIDE NP • CERAMIDE AP • CERAMIDE EOP • CARBOMER •NIACINAMIDE• TRIDECETH-6 • TRIETHYL CITRATE • SODIUM HYDROXIDE • SODIUM BENZOATE • SODIUM LAUROYL LACTYLATE • SALICYLIC ACID • SODIUM HYALURONATE • CHOLESTEROL • COCO-BETAINE • CITRIC ACID • CETRIMONIUM CHLORIDE • CAPRYLYL GLYCOL • PHYTOSPHINGOSINE • XANTHAN GUM • POLYQUATERNIUM-10 • ACRYLATES COPOLYMER • BENZOIC ACID
Please be aware that ingredient lists for the products of our brand are updated regularly. Please refer to the ingredient list on your product package for the most up-to-date list of ingredients to ensure it is suitable for your personal use.
Your hair may need hydration if it feels brittle, appears dull, or feels dehydrated. These are signs that your hair lacks sufficient water content. If your hair tangles often, feels rough, or has lost its natural shine and bounce, it’s likely in need of hydrating products, like a gentle shampoo and conditioner.
All CeraVe hair products, including our Gentle Hydrating Shampoo, are suitable for color-treated hair. Try using CeraVe shampoo as part of a complete haircare routine for colored strands. In addition to using a color-safe shampoo, limit heat styling and make sure to protect your hair (with a hat) in the sun.
Our Gentle Hydrating Shampoo is formulated without sulfates and parabens. It’s also free of dyes and fragrances.
How often you should wash your hair can vary based on your hair type, hair length, and activity level. For example, those with oily hair or who exercise frequently may need to wash more often, while individuals with textured hair may benefit from spacing out washes. It’s all about finding the right balance for your hair's specific needs. Our gentle, fragrance-free shampoo is formulated for daily use, making it a great option for those who wash their hair daily.
You won’t find methylisothiazolinone (MIT)—a common preservative found in various personal care products—in any of CeraVe’s haircare products.
If you’re dealing with flakes, we recommend reaching for the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo (and pairing it with the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner) or CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner. Both options help manage flakes, itching, and irritation. Use at least twice weekly, or as directed by your doctor, for the best results. Between uses, you can keep your hair feeling clean with the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner.
Developed with dermatologists, CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner supports a haircare system that gently cleanses without stripping away moisture. Suitable for all hair types, this gentle conditioner leaves strands feeling healthy and soft. The allergy-tested formula is also free of phthalates, sulfates, dyes, parabens, fragrance, and MIT for both men and women.
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY BACK ON CERAVE HAIRCARE*
*For a limited time only
Dr. Natasha Mesinkovska,  Board-Certified Dermatologist
*when used as a system with CeraVe Hydrating Shampoo
INGREDIENTS:AQUA / WATER / EAU • CETEARYL ALCOHOL • BEHENTRIMONIUM CHLORIDE • GLYCERIN • PEG-180 • AMODIMETHICONE • CETYL ESTERS • CERAMIDE NP • CERAMIDE AP • CERAMIDE EOP • CARBOMER • NIACINAMIDE • TRIDECETH-6 • TRIETHYL CITRATE • SODIUM LAUROYL LACTYLATE •SODIUM HYALURONATE• SODIUM PHOSPHATE • CHOLESTEROL • CHLORHEXIDINE DIHYDROCHLORIDE • DISODIUM PHOSPHATE • ISOPROPYL ALCOHOL • HYDROXYETHYLCELLULOSE • CETRIMONIUM CHLORIDE • CAPRYLYL GLYCOL • PHYTOSPHINGOSINE • XANTHAN GUM • POLYSORBATE 60 • BENZOIC ACID (F.I.L. N70046503/1)
Conditioner has a number of benefits. It can help make your hair more manageable and boost shine. It also can help provide moisture and hydration, depending on the formula. If the latter is what you’re seeking, we recommend looking for a conditioner with ingredients known for their hydrating benefits. CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner, which features niacinamide and hyaluronic acid, is a good option for all hair types.
CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner is suitable for color-treated hair, as are the rest of the products in CeraVe’s haircare collection.
Pair our sulfate-free conditioner with the CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Shampoo to round out your shower routine. Other products that can be beneficial include leave-in conditioners, heat protectants, and hair oils.
If you’re seeking a sulfate- and paraben-free haircare system, our Gentle Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner are great options. Both formulas are free of sulfates and parabens, as well as fragrance and dyes.
Depending on your hair’s needs, you can use a gentle, fragrance-free conditioner every day. But you’ll want to look for a formula, like CeraVe Gentle Hydrating Conditioner, that’s suitable for daily use. Some formulas may be heavier and only meant for use a few times a week or month, so pay attention to your product labels.
Note:The rest of CeraVe’s haircare collection, which includes the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo, CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner, and CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner, can be used daily, too.
Methylisothiazolinone (MIT) is a preservative used in some cosmetics, but you won’t find it in any CeraVe hair formulations.
Help eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes and help reduce itching and irritation with CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo.* When used with Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner, this dandruff shampoo cleanses without disrupting the scalp barrier and leaves hair feeling healthy and soft.Developed with dermatologists, theallergy-tested formulais also free of phtalates, sulfates, dyes, parabens, fragrance, and MIT for both men and women.
*with regular use as a system**For a limited time only
CeraVe’s Anti-Dandruff products stand out because they combine proven anti-dandruff ingredients with moisturizing and skin barrier-repairing ingredients like ceramides and hyaluronic acid.  Most other dandruff shampoos focus solely on reducing flakes, but CeraVe goes a step further by also nurturing the scalp, ensuring it stays hydrated and less prone to irritation.
When flakes of dandruff start falling on your shoulders or your scalp gets itchy, it can be frustrating and uncomfortable. Washing your hair is part of the equation for managing dandruff, but it’s important to find the right product. A shampoo specifically formulated to help with flaking and irritation can help you get back to healthy-feeling hair.
CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo is clinically tested to help eliminate visible flakes without disrupting the scalp barrier.* This dandruff shampoo with 1% pyrithione zinc is gentle on both your hair and scalp and helps reduce itching and irritation. The formula, which was developed with dermatologists and is suitable for all hair types, also featuresthree essential ceramides,niacinamide, and hyaluronic acid.
When paired with the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner, it removes buildup without stripping away moisture, leaving your hair feeling healthy and soft. Both the anti-dandruff shampoo and conditioner are pH-balanced, allergy-tested, phthalate-free, sulfate-free, dye-free, paraben-free, and fragrance-free.
*with regular use as a system
INGREDIENTS:WATER • SODIUM C14-16 OLEFIN SULFONATE • DISODIUM LAURETH SULFOSUCCINATE • DISODIUM COCOAMPHODIACETATE • SODIUM CHLORIDE • GLYCOL DISTEARATE • AMODIMETHICONE • SODIUM LAURYL SULFOACETATE • PPG-5-CETETH-20 • POTATO STARCH MODIFIED • COCAMIDE MIPA • CERAMIDE NP • CERAMIDE AP • CERAMIDE EOP • CARBOMER • NIACINAMIDE • TRIDECETH-6 • TRIETHYL CITRATE • SODIUM HYDROXIDE • SODIUM BENZOATE • SODIUM LAUROYL LACTYLATE • SALICYLIC ACID • SODIUM POLYNAPHTHALENESULFONATE •SODIUM HYALURONATE• CHOLESTEROL • PHENOXYETHANOL • COCO-BETAINE • PROPYLENE GLYCOL • CITRIC ACID • CETRIMONIUM CHLORIDE • CAPRYLYL GLYCOL • XANTHAN GUM • PHYTOSPHINGOSINE • POLYQUATERNIUM-10 • ACRYLATES COPOLYMER • BENZOIC ACID (F.I.L. V70046481/1)
Please be aware that ingredient lists for the products of our brand are updated regularly. Please refer to the ingredient list on your product package for the most up-to-date list of ingredients to ensure it is suitable to your personal use.
If you’re experiencing dandruff, there could be a few reasons. Common causes of dandruff include excess oil on your scalp, a fungus known as Malassezia, and certain haircare products. As for hygiene, it’s actually a myth that poor hygiene causes dandruff.
If you aren’t sure why you’re seeing flakes on your scalp, speak to your dermatologist or doctor. They can help you develop a personalized plan, which may include using a shampoo for itchy scalps and adjusting your hair-washing routine.
Dandruff shampoo can work well to reduce flakes and other symptoms of dandruff. CeraVe’s Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo helps eliminate up to 100% of visible flakes.*
If you’ve used an anti-dandruff shampoo for several weeks and still see dandruff, consult with your doctor.
*with regular use of Anti-Dandruff Shampoo + Conditioner
Dandruff shampoo can be safe for color-treated hair, but it all depends on the specific formula. Both the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner can be used on colored strands.
To manage dandruff at home, we recommend using a dandruff shampoo for itchy scalps with a coordinating conditioner, like our Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner. Beyond using the right products, it’s important to find the right hair washing frequency. How often you should suds up can vary based on your hair type, hair texture, and lifestyle. If you have oilier strands, you may need to wash daily, whereas a few times a week may be sufficient for drier hair types.
While not all shampoos for dandruff are intended for daily use, the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo can be used every day. The formula is formulated to be gentle on your hair and scalp, and when paired with the Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner, it leaves hair feeling soft and nourished.
CeraVe haircare products are formulated without parabens, sulfates, and MIT (a preservative sometimes found in cosmetics). This is true of our anti-dandruff formulas, as well as the CeraVe Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner.
Developed with dermatologists, the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner is part of our haircare system that eliminates up to 100% of visible flakes* without disrupting the scalp barrier. It also helps address itching and irritation and leaves hair feeling healthy and soft. This allergy-tested formula is free of phthalates, sulfates, dyes, parabens, fragrance, and MIT for both men and women.
An effective haircare routine not only addresses the needs of your hair but also your scalp. While shampoo helps cleanse and remove buildup, conditioner plays an important role, too. It can help make your hair more manageable and boost hydration. If you’re dealing with flakes, it’s important to choose a dandruff conditioner that complements your anti-dandruff shampoo. We recommend opting for a sulfate-free formula that leaves hair feeling healthier.
CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner is a clinically-tested conditioner designed as part of a dandruff care system that eliminates up to 100% of visible flakes and also relieves itch and irritation.* Formulated with 0.5% pyrithione zinc,three essential ceramides, niacinamide, andhyaluronic acid, this conditioner was developed with dermatologists to be gentle on both your scalp and hair. It’s also pH-balanced, allergy-tested, and suitable for sensitive scalps.
Used alongside CeraVe’s Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo, the paraben-, phthalate-, sulfate-, and fragrance-free conditioner leaves hair feeling soft and healthy. This duo is suitable for all hair types, including curly and color-treated hair.
*with regular use as a system of Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner
INGREDIENTS:WATER • CETEARYL ALCOHOL • BEHENTRIMONIUM CHLORIDE • GLYCERIN • PEG-180 • AMODIMETHICONE • CETYL ESTERS • CERAMIDE NP • CERAMIDE AP • CERAMIDE EOP • CARBOMER •NIACINAMIDE• TRIDECETH-6 • TRIETHYL CITRATE • SODIUM LAUROYL LACTYLATE • SODIUM HYALURONATE • SODIUM POLYNAPHTHALENESULFONATE • SODIUM CHLORIDE • SODIUM PHOSPHATE • CHOLESTEROL • PHENOXYETHANOL • CHLORHEXIDINE DIHYDROCHLORIDE • DISODIUM PHOSPHATE • ISOPROPYL ALCOHOL • PROPYLENE GLYCOL • HYDROXYETHYLCELLULOSE • CETRIMONIUM CHLORIDE • CAPRYLYL GLYCOL • XANTHAN GUM • PHYTOSPHINGOSINE • POLYSORBATE 60 • BENZOIC ACID (F.I.L. V70046471/1)
The CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo is designed to be used with the Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner. Start your shower routine with the shampoo, rinse it out completely, then follow with the anti-dandruff hair conditioner.
If you wish to streamline your routine, you can also opt for a formula that combines shampoo and conditioner into one, like the CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner.
Conditioner can be an important part of an anti-dandruff haircare routine. Our anti-dandruff conditioner with 0.5% pyrithione zinc was developed as part of a system that eliminates up to 100% of visible flakes, in addition to calming itching and irritation.*
How often you should wash your hair will vary depending on your hair type and activity level. This holds true for everyone, dandruff or not. Those with fine or oily hair may need to wash more than people with curly hair or dry hair, for instance.
CeraVe haircare products can work into your routine whether you’re washing every day or a few times a week. They are all suitable for daily use, but it’s important to find the right frequency for you. With that said, our anti-dandruff conditioner formula (and shampoo) works best when used at least twice a week, or as directed by a doctor.
When your scalp is super itchy, it can be tempting to scratch. But that doesn’t mean you should do it. Scratching your head may actually worsen irritation. To apply your shampoo, use the pads of your fingers to massage it onto your scalp—don’t use your fingernails.
CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner is suitable for color-treated hair. However, this may not be true for all dandruff hair conditioners. Make sure to check the label if you’re using a different product.
If you don’t have dandruff, try the CeraVe Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner, both of which are also safe for colored strands.
All CeraVe haircare products are formulated without sulfates, parabens, and MIT (a preservative found in some cosmetics).
CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner eliminates up to 100% of visible flakes while also reducing itching and irritation.*Developed with dermatologists, it does not disrupt the scalp barrier and leaves hair feeling healthy and soft. The formula is also allergy-tested and free of phthalates, sulfates, dyes, parabens, fragrance, and MIT for both men and women.
*with regular use**For a limited time only
Managing dandruff can sometimes feel overwhelming. One way to simplify your anti-dandruff routine is to opt for a 2-in-1 dandruff shampoo and conditioner. We recommend looking for a sulfate-free formula that cleanses without stripping away hair’s moisture.
CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner is clinically tested to help eliminate flakes and reduce itching and irritation.* Formulated with 1% pyrithione zinc,three essential ceramides, niacinamide, andhyaluronic acid, it gently cleanses the scalp and hair. This multitasking dandruff shampoo and conditioner combo was also developed with dermatologists and is suitable for all hair types, including those with curly or color-treated hair. It’s pH-balanced, allergy-tested, and free of phthalates, sulfates, dyes, parabens, and fragrances.
INGREDIENTS:WATER • SODIUM C14-16 OLEFIN SULFONATE • DISODIUM LAURETH SULFOSUCCINATE • DISODIUM COCOAMPHODIACETATE • SODIUM CHLORIDE • GLYCOL DISTEARATE • AMODIMETHICONE • SODIUM LAURYL SULFOACETATE • PPG-5-CETETH-20 • COCAMIDE MIPA • POTATO STARCH MODIFIED • CERAMIDE NP • CERAMIDE AP • CERAMIDE EOP • CARBOMER •NIACINAMIDE• TRIDECETH-6 • TRIETHYL CITRATE • SODIUM HYDROXIDE • SODIUM BENZOATE • SODIUM LAUROYL LACTYLATE • SALICYLIC ACID • SODIUM POLYNAPHTHALENESULFONATE • SODIUM HYALURONATE • CHOLESTEROL • PHENOXYETHANOL • COCO-BETAINE • PROPYLENE GLYCOL • CITRIC ACID • CETRIMONIUM CHLORIDE • CAPRYLYL GLYCOL • XANTHAN GUM • PHYTOSPHINGOSINE • POLYQUATERNIUM-10 • ACRYLATES COPOLYMER • BENZOIC ACID (F.I.L. V70046487/1)
With most traditional shampoos and conditioners, like CeraVe’s Gentle Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner, you apply the shampoo, rinse, apply the conditioner, and rinse again. With a 2-in-1 formula, you apply just one product.
You can use 2-in-1 shampoo and conditioner every day. In fact, CeraVe’s 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner is formulated to be suitable for daily use. If you don’t wash your hair every day, you’ll want to use it at least twice a week (or as directed by a doctor) for the best results.
We don’t recommend creating your own 2-in-1 formula by mixing shampoo and conditioner together. Individual products have distinct formulations and may behave differently when combined. Instead of attempting a DIY, try our 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner, which was developed with dermatologists and has been clinically tested.
The beauty of a 2-in-1 product is that you don’t need to use a separate shampoo and conditioner. Apply the 2-in-1, rinse it out, then apply any other haircare products (leave-in conditioner, hair oil, et cetera).
Whether you can use a 2-in-1 on your color-treated hair will depend on the specific product. CeraVe 2-in-1 Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioner is a great pick that’s gentle and suitable for colored hair.
Our anti-dandruff shampoo and conditioner is sulfate-free, not to mention paraben-free, fragrance-free, and MIT-free. The same is true for all CeraVe haircare products, including the CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Shampoo and CeraVe Anti-Dandruff Hydrating Conditioner.
Reading ingredient labels can feel like a guessing game, especially when selecting acombination skincleanser that can help balance skin that’s both dry and oily. But, understanding different ingredients can help you select the best combination skin products for your complexion. Glycolysine™, a patented CeraVe surfactant, is a new ingredient you’ll want to familiarize yourself with. Ahead, learn all about its benefits and how to use it in yourcombination skin routine.
Glycolysine™ is CeraVe’s newest skincare ingredient and innovative technology. It hydrates and controls oil while helping protect your skin barrier.  You’ll find it in theBalancing Air Foam Cleanser, a gentle formula that cleanses while providing lasting hydration. Here, we’ll introduce you to both the ingredient and cleanser, sharing why it’s a fit for combination skin.
Glycolysine™ is a skincare ingredient that gently cleanses, controls excess oil, and preserves the skin barrier. It’s a patented bio-based surfactant that's a groundbreaking innovation in the cleanser category. Glycolysine™  helps eliminate dirt, makeup, sunscreen, and pollution—while delivering24-hour hydration and eight hours of oil control.
The ingredient stars in CeraVe’sBalancing Air Foam Cleanser, which wasdeveloped with dermatologistsand represents the biggest skincare breakthrough for normal to combination skin in the last 10 years.
From deep cleansing and long-lasting hydration to oil control and barrier support, here’s why Glycolysine™ may deserve a spot in your routine.
Glycolysine™ provides the skin with a gentle cleanse while respecting the skin barrier.
Formulated with this cleansing technology, theBalancing Air Form Cleanserhelps effectively remove impurities, sunscreen, makeup, and pollution particles without the need for harsh scrubbing. The gentle, air foam consistency makes for frictionless cleansing.
Choosing a facial cleanser that effectively cleanses and hydrates without disrupting the skin barrier is key to any good skincare routine. This can sometimes be a challenge for combination skin since you need to simultaneously balance oily areas and nourish dry ones.1 That’s where Glycolysine™ comes in. This cleansing technology is the first of its kind for hydration and oil control. With our Air Foam Cleanser, you can enjoy both lasting hydration and a reduction in oiliness. Beyond Glycolysine™, the combination skin cleanser also features ceramides, which help keep moisture in.
Your skin barrier acts as a protective shield against environmental aggressors like UV rays and pollution. When it’s strong and healthy, it locks in moisture while keeping harmful elements out. If your skin barrier is damaged, you may experience issues like dryness and irritation.
The ingredients in your face cleanser and other skincare products are one thing that can impact your barrier. Using gentle formulas can be beneficial, especially forsensitive skintypes. CeraVe’s cleanser with Glycolysine™ is a great option, as the ingredient is designed to help balance the skin for a healthy-feeling skin barrier. It also contains allantoin, which is known for its skin soothing and calming benefits.
Did you know that combination skin is the most commonskin typeworldwide? In fact, it affects approximately 50% of the population. Because combo skin needs a balance of hydration and oil control, Glycolysine™ can be a great addition to combination skincare routines. You can try it via the Balancing Air Foam Cleanser, which is a good option for both normal and combination skin types. The allergy-tested combination skin cleanser is also suitable for sensitive skin and all skin tones.
No matter your skin type, washing your face is a non-negotiable step in your skincare routine. Throughout the day, your skin collects layers ofmakeup, dirt, sweat, SPF, and even pollen, which can contribute to clogged pores. Start your regimen with the Balancing Air Foam Cleanser. The lightweight formula with Glycolysine™ hydrates and balances combination skin while respecting the skin's delicate barrier. It should be used bothmorningand night as the first step in a skincare routine, after removing any makeup. Simplymassagethe cleanser onto wet skin, then rinse. After rinsing and patting the skin dry, follow up withface moisturizer, making sure to choose one that suits your skin type.
For help choosing the right products for your specific skin type and skin concerns, use ourFind My Skincare Solutiontool.
Zamborsky, Lauren. “What Is My Skin Type and Why Does It Matter?” Cleveland Clinic, 21 Nov. 2024.
If you follow the latest skincare trends, you may have come across TikTok influencers claiming that skippingfacial cleanserin the A.M. improved their skin. But is there actually any truth to this claim? Here’s what you should know when it comes to whether or not you shouldwash your facein the morning.
Facial cleansingis a key skincare step if you want to support healthy-looking skin that feels balanced, hydrated, and comfortable. With that said, how often you wash your face can have a big impact on how your skin looks and feels. The general rule of thumb has always been to wash your face twice per day, morning and evening. However, more recently, there’s been an ongoing debate over the necessity of a morning cleanse—particularly if you have dry,sensitive skin. Some people believe that skipping cleanser in the A.M. can help your skin retain its natural oils. To help set the record straight, we’re explaining how often you should really be washing your face and sharing tips for curating an appropriatecleansing routinefor your skin’s unique needs.
Washing your face in the morning is not bad for your skin. In fact, it’s an essential part of any well-rounded skincare routine. TheAmerican Academy of Dermatology(AAD) recommends washing your face in the morning, before bed, and after sweating—regardless of your skin type.1According to theAAD, cleansing your face in the morning serves an important purpose: It washes away bacteria, sweat, and dirt that can settle on your face overnight.2Lathering up in the A.M. also helps you start your morningskincare routinewith a clean canvas—allowing for optimal product absorption. It helps prep your skin for morning skincare essentials (like yoursunscreen) and removes any leftover product from the night before.If you includesluggingin your evening skincare routine, a morning cleanse is a must.Occlusiveointmentsused in slugging create a physical barrier on your skin’s surface that seals in hydration (as well as your evening skincare products). If not properly washed off in the morning, this can interfere with the absorption of your daytime skincare products, in addition to giving your complexion ashiny appearance.
While splashing some cool water on your face first thing in the morning can feel refreshing, it’s typically not enough to effectively cleanse your skin’s surface. Many nighttime skincare products (likeretinol serumsandanti-agingnight creams) contain emollient-rich ingredients that are not water-soluble—meaning they don’t dissolve in water. Without a proper cleanse, oils and other impurities can build up on your skin’s surface, clogging your pores and resulting in skin concerns such as breakouts, shine, and dullness.With that said, everyone’s skin is different. There may be some instances when yourdermatologistmight recommend trying a water-only approach in the morning. If you think this method may be helpful for your dry,sensitive,itchy, or compromised skin, it’s important to consult a board-certifieddermatologistfor personalized advice.
Facial cleansers andtonersare two different types ofskincare productswith unique uses and benefits. Cleansers are used as the first step in your skincare routine to thoroughly remove excess oil, dirt, and other impurities from your skin’s surface. Meanwhile, facial toners can be used after your face wash to help refresh your skin, and remove any residual dirt or oil. Even if toners have cleansing properties, they still aren’t the same as facial cleansers.If you’d like to include a facial toner after your morning cleanse, our recommendation isCeraVe Hydrating Toner. This lightweight, pH-balanced formula instantly removes leftover residue without disrupting your skin’s protective barrier. It’s formulated with ourthree essential ceramides,hyaluronic acid, andniacinamide, and features a fast-absorbing, non-greasy texture that leaves all skin types feeling fresh, clean, and balanced after use.
Cleansing is an essential step in any skincare routine, both in the morning and at night. With that said, opinions among experts may vary when it comes to agreeing on the importance of one over the other. Washing your face in the morning is important because it removes sweat, excess oil, and bacteria from the night, while evening cleansing removes dirt, oil,makeup, environmental pollutants, and other impurities that build up throughout the day.Your skin also goes through an important regenerative process while you sleep, and hitting the hay with clean skin may help support this process.Removing makeupbefore bed (which many face washes can help with) is also essential for preventing clogged pores.
While many people enjoy having a different facial cleanser for their morning and nighttime routines, it’s entirely a matter of personal preference. There’s nothing wrong with using the same face wash in the morning and at night if you prefer to keep your skincare routine simple. In the morning, a non-foaming gel cleanser is one gentle yet effective option that can help kickstart your A.M. routine.
For nighttime cleansing, some people prefer the deep clean feel of afoaming cleanser, since the skin tends to accumulate more “grime” during the day.Double cleansingis another popular nighttime cleansing method that can be useful for removing waterproof makeup,sunscreen, and oil-based cosmetics before bed. With this technique, you wash your face with anoil-based cleanserfirst, followed by a water-based cleanser.
There are so many varieties of cleansers to choose from, so it can be helpful to experiment with different formulas to see what works best for your skin’s needs. When in doubt, it’s always best to consult a board-certified dermatologist.
When it comes down to it, there’s no one-size-fits-all approach to facial cleansing. The ideal cleansing routine for your skin will depend on a variety of factors, including yourskin type, lifestyle, age, the climate you live in, and your personal preferences. CeraVe recommends choosing gentle formulas that are suitable for yourskin typeand formulated to avoid disrupting your skin’s protective barrier. The ideal cleanser should thoroughly clean your skin’s surface without leaving it feeling tight, stripped, or dry afterwards. We suggest looking forfragrance-freeformulas that aredeveloped with dermatologists, allergy-tested, and contain beneficial ingredients likeceramides,hyaluronic acid, andniacinamide.Here are a few considerations to keep in mind when deciding on the best morning face wash for your skin type:
CeraVe Hydrating Facial Cleansermakes an excellent non-foaming morning cleanser for normal to dry skin. This face wash withthree essential ceramidesand hyaluronic acid is designed to cleanse, hydrate, and refresh your skin while maintaining its protective barrier.
Reach forCeraVe Hydrating Cream-to-Foam Cleanserto help thoroughly remove dirt and makeup without stripping your skin’s natural moisture. This pH-balanced formula with ceramides, amino acids, and hyaluronic acid begins as a cream texture and lathers into a soft foam. It’s ideal for normal to dry skin but can also be used by those withsensitive skin.
CeraVe Hydrating Cleanser Baris an ideal cleanser for those withdry skin. It’s formulated to lock in moisture and contains 5% of CeraVe’sbest-sellingMoisturizing Cream. Plus, the soap-free formula features MVE Delivery Technology, which delivers a steady stream of moisturizing ingredients to support skin that feels comfortable and hydrated.
You may want to addCeraVe Foaming Facial Cleanserto your morning cleansing routine if you have skin that’s on the oilier side. This face wash with ceramides, hyaluronic acid, and niacinamide is designed to thoroughly cleanse your skin and remove excess oil without disrupting your skin barrier.
Ideal for normal skin andacne-prone skin,CeraVe Renewing SA Cleanseris asalicylic acidcleanser that gently exfoliates your skin. It’s a great option if you’re looking to effectively remove dirt and excess oil in the morning while softening and smoothingrough skinon your face.
A face cleanser is the foundation of any goodskincare routine. However, cleansers are not a one-size-fits-all skincare product. Cleansers come in a wide variety of textures and formulations—and some may be better suited for yourskin typethan others. Ahead, discover how to identify the right facial cleanser for your skin’s unique needs.
Facial cleansing removes dirt,excess oil, and other impurities from your skin’s surface.Washing your facedaily can, therefore, help keep your pores clear and your complexion looking and feeling its best. With that said, thetype of cleanseryou choose for your daily routine matters. It can have an impact on your skin’s appearance, for better or for worse. Using a face cleanser that’s too harsh for your skin type, for example, can disrupt your skin’s natural barrier and leave your complexion feelingdry, stripped, and uncomfortable. In this guide, we’ll be breaking down the different types of cleansers and explaining which formulas may be ideal for your specific skin type. We’ll also share some of our favoriteCeraVe facial cleansersfor normal, oily, dry, combination, and sensitive skin.
Regardless of your skin type, CeraVe recommends looking for facial cleansers that are:
Finding the right facial cleanser begins with understanding your skin type. TheAmerican Academy of Dermatology(AAD) recognizes five primary types of skin: normal, oily, dry, sensitive, and combination.1Each skin type has its own set of unique characteristics, which are largely influenced by how much sebum (natural oils) your skin produces. Your skin type can change over time as youageor due to hormone fluctuations, stress, and your environment.If you’re not sure what type of skin you have, keep reading for a brief explanation of each type:
The American Academy of Dermatology recommends choosing a cleanser based on your skin type.1But why exactly is your skin type important when it comes to facial cleansing? As mentioned earlier, the right (or wrong) face cleanser can impact how your skin looks and feels. What works well for oily skin types can be too harsh for those with dry, sensitive skin, for example. It’s also possible that an ultra-mild cleanser may not provide a deep enough cleanse for individuals with oilier, acne-prone skin.People with different skin types also tend to prefer cleansers with different textures. Many people with oily skin enjoyfoaming facial gelsandbar soapswhereas those with dry skin often preferlightly foamingor non-foamingcreamsor balms.
Now that you’re all caught up on the basics, it’s time to learn how to choose a face cleanser based on your skin type. Keep reading for a deep dive into the types of face cleansers you can consider adding to your routine.
No matter which formula you choose, all of CeraVe’s facial cleansers are fragrance-free, gentle on your skin, and featurethree essential ceramidesto ensure effective cleansing without disrupting the skin’s protective barrier.
Gel cleanserseffectively remove light makeup, dirt, and excess oil. These lightweight formulas generally produce a lather and leave your skin feeling refreshed, deeply cleansed, and comfortable. CeraVe’s gel cleansers also feature additional ingredients to support hydrated, healthy-looking skin—such ashyaluronic acidandniacinamide—andexfoliatingingredients likesalicylic acid.
Lotion- andcream-basedcleansers often feature a rich, silky texture and tend to feel moisturizing and soothing on the skin. These face cleansers may create a lather, but this will depend on each specific product. CeraVe’s lotion and cream cleansers are excellent options for gentlycleansing dry skinbut also include targeted options for specific skin concerns—including abenzoyl peroxideformula foracne-prone skin.
Foaming face washes can deliver different levels of lather, from mild bubbling to a full-on foaming texture. These cleansers begin as a gel or cream and transition into a foam when applied to the skin with water. They typically make good options for those with oily skin and a lot of pore congestion, as well as anyone who wants a deep clean feel when they wash their face.
As the name suggests, oil-based face cleansers use moisturizing oils (such as jojoba oil) as their primary ingredients. They are usually formulated as cleansing oils or balms and leave skin with a nourishing, deeply hydrated feel, making them ideal for dry skin. Oil-based cleansers are also commonly used formakeup removaland as the first step in adouble cleansing routine.
There’s a big difference between “bar soap” and a facial cleanser that’s available in a bar form. While traditional bar soaps have a reputation for being harsh and drying on the skin, CeraVe’s soap-free cleanser bars are a gentle cleanser option in a familiar, easy-to-use form. Our bar cleansers with three essentialceramideshelp remove dirt and excess oil while being gentle on the skin and helping to maintain the skin barrier.
Micellar waters are liquid cleansing formulas that can help remove excess oil, dirt, and makeup without leaving the skin feeling stripped or disrupting the skin barrier. These no-rinse cleansers feature molecules called micelles that act like magnets to gently lift impurities off your skin’s surface. They make excellent options for cleansing on the go and can be used as the first step in a double cleansing routine.
Face wipes offer a quick and easy way to cleanse your skin and remove makeup—whether you’re at home or on the go. CeraVe’s rinse-free towelettes can be used by most skin types to remove makeup while being gentle on the skin. They’re great for packing in your gym bag or suitcase for quick cleansing when there isn’t a sink nearby.
For help choosing the right products for your specific skin type and concerns, use ourFind My Skincare Solutiontool.
Effective as of December 15, 2023
By clicking the “Add Products” button or otherwise participating in the Program, you (“You”, “Creator” or “Social Seller”) agree to these L’Oréal USA, Inc. (“We”, “Us” or “L’Oréal”) Open Affiliate Terms and Conditions (the “L’Oréal USA Terms”) governing Your participation in the L’Oréal USA Open Affiliate Program on TikTok. These L’Oréal USA Terms are separate from TikTok Shop’s Creator Terms of Use. TikTok Shop’s Creator Terms of Use govern Your relationship with TikTok, while these L’Oréal USA Terms, in addition to TikTok Shop’s Creator Terms oæf Use, govern the relationship between You and L’Oréal. We reserve the right to conduct a review of the materials You post on any social media platform and any public data available about You. This review involves Us looking at Your social media content and public profile to see if Your values match L’Oréal’s values as set forth in L’Oréal’s Social Commerce Value Charter.
These L’Oréal USA Terms shall take precedence when a conflict of terms arises between topics covered in these L’Oréal USA Terms and TikTok Shop’s Creator Terms of Use.
YOU HEREBY REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE LAWFULLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO CONTRACTS (YOU ARE NOT A MINOR) AND THAT YOU ARE AND WILL REMAIN IN COMPLIANCE WITH THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS, INCLUDING THE L’ORÉAL SOCIAL COMMERCE VALUE CHARTER. IN ADDITION, IF THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS ARE BEING AGREED TO BY A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, THEN THE PERSON AGREEING TO THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS ON BEHALF OF THAT COMPANY OR ENTITY HEREBY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT THEY, HE OR SHE IS AUTHORIZED AND LAWFULLY ABLE TO BIND THAT COMPANY OR ENTITY TO THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS.
These L’Oréal USA Terms include a provision waiving the right to pursue any class, group or representative claim and requiring You and Us to pursue certain disputes through individual arbitration.
By participating in this Program, You agree that You will comply with the following:
L’ORÉAL SOCIAL COMMERCE VALUE CHARTER
At L’Oréal, we share a common passion with our community of beauty lovers around the world. In a world where social media allows us to be more interconnected with our communities, we entrust them to be a part of a bigger conversation around our brands and products. We believe in the importance of fostering a relationship with social sellers whether they are experts (such as makeup artists, hairdressers, and beauty advisors…), influencers or consumers.
Because we respect our communities and consumers and want to continue to deserve their trust, transparency and integrity are key. We are committed to nurturing transparent, respectful, and professional relationships with our social sellers and indirectly, with their valued audiences and peers.
With this vision in mind, and considering the ethical stakes associated with these relationships, the present Value Charter is a mutual commitment to engage in a genuine relationship in which both our values and those of social sellers within our community are aligned and in harmony.
If You violate these L’Oréal USA Terms or the L’Oréal Social Commerce Value Charter, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to Us, We reserve the right to direct TikTok to permanently (to the extent permitted by applicable law) cease payment of (and You agree You will not be eligible to receive) any commission income attributable to this Program otherwise payable to You under these L’Oréal USA Terms and the TikTok Shop’s Creator Terms of Use, whether or not directly related to such violation without notice and without prejudice to any right of L’Oréal to recover damages over this amount.
We may terminate Your participation in the Program at any time for any reason, including but not limited to any of the following: (a) You are in material breach of these L’Oréal USA Terms, (b) We believe that We may face potential claims or liability in connection with Your participation in the Program; (c) We believe that our brand or reputation may be tarnished by You or in connection with Your participation in the Program; (d) Your participation in the Program has been used for deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity; or (e) We have terminated the Program as We generally make it available to participants.
NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF ANY LAW, CUSTOM, COURSE OF DEALING, PERFORMANCE, OR TRADE USAGE. FURTHER, NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY COMPENSATION, REIMBURSEMENT, OR DAMAGES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH (X) ANY LOSS OF PROSPECTIVE COMMISSIONS, PROFITS OR REVENUE, ANTICIPATED SALES, GOODWILL, OR OTHER BENEFITS, (Y) ANY INVESTMENTS, EXPENDITURES, OR COMMITMENTS BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM, OR (Z) ANY TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM.
NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF REVENUE, PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, OR DATA ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES. FURTHER, OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL COMMISSION INCOME PAID OR PAYABLE TO YOU UNDER THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS IN THE TWELVE MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE MOST RECENT CLAIM OF LIABILITY OCCURRED. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY IN EQUITY, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO SEEK SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE, INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF IN CONNECTION WITH THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS. NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH WILL OPERATE TO LIMIT LIABILITIES THAT CANNOT BE LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY MATTER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATING TO THE CREATION, MAINTENANCE, OR OPERATION OF YOUR TIKTOK CHANNELS(S) (INCLUDING YOUR USE OF ANY TIKTOK SERVICE OFFERING) OR YOUR VIOLATION OF THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS, AND YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD US AND OUR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS, AND OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AND REPRESENTATIVES, HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ALL CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) RELATING TO (A) YOUR TIKTOK CHANNELS(S) OR ANY MATERIALS THAT APPEAR ON YOUR TIKTOK CHANNELS(S), INCLUDING THE COMBINATION OF YOUR TIKTOK CHANNELS(S) OR THOSE MATERIALS WITH OTHER APPLICATIONS, CONTENT, OR PROCESSES, (B) THE USE, DEVELOPMENT, DESIGN, MANUFACTURE, PRODUCTION, ADVERTISING, PROMOTION, OR MARKETING OF YOUR TIKTOK CHANNELS OR ANY MATERIALS THAT APPEAR ON OR WITHIN YOUR TIKTOK CHANNELS, (C) YOUR USE OF ANY TIKTOK SERVICE OFFERING OR YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH USE IS AUTHORIZED BY OR VIOLATES THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS OR APPLICABLE LAW, (D) YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY TERM OR CONDITION OF THESE L’ORÉAL USA TERMS (INCLUDING THE L’ORÉAL SOCIAL COMMERCE VALUE CHARTER), (E) YOUR TAXES AND DUTIES OR THE COLLECTION, PAYMENT, OR FAILURE TO COLLECT OR PAY YOUR TAXES OR DUTIES, OR THE FAILURE TO MEET TAX REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS OR DUTIES, OR (F) YOUR OR YOUR EMPLOYEES’ OR CONTRACTORS’ NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT. WE OR OUR NOMINEE MAY TAKE LEGAL ACTION AND PERFORM ANY PROCEDURAL ACT ON BEHALF OF ANY L’ORÉAL PARTY, INCLUDING THROUGH SPECIAL MANDATE, TO EXERCISE OR DEFEND A LEGAL CLAIM OR FOR THE PROTECTION OF RIGHTS, INCLUDING FOR THE PURPOSE OF ENFORCING THIS SECTION.
You and We are independent contractors, and nothing in these L’Oréal USA Terms will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between You and Us or our respective affiliates, nor shall You represent to any third party that any of the foregoing relationships exists. You will have no authority to make or accept any offers or representations on our or our affiliates’ behalf. If You authorize, assist, encourage, or facilitate another person or entity to take any action related to the subject matter of these L’Oréal USA Terms, You will be deemed to have taken the action Yourself.
The parties hereto shall use good faith efforts to settle any Dispute (as defined below). To this effect, the parties shall consult and negotiate with one another in good faith, in an attempt to reach a just and equitable solution, satisfactory to all parties. You and L’Oréal mutually agree to resolve any Dispute exclusively through final and binding arbitration pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”) as then in effect (currently available atwww.adr.org), instead of a court or jury trial. This agreement to arbitrate is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16). For clarity, “Disputes” subject to this agreement to arbitrate include any dispute, claim, question or disagreement arising from or relating to these L’Oréal USA Terms or the breach thereof, in connection with the Program or arising from any arrangement under these L’Oréal USA Terms (whether between you and us or you and TikTok), including Your classification as an independent contractor, Your provision of services, the payments received by You for providing services to L’Oréal, the termination of Your participation in the Program, and all other aspects of Your relationship with L’Oréal, past, present or future, whether arising under federal, state or local statutory and/or common law, including without limitation harassment, discrimination or retaliation claims and claims arising under or related to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Defend Trade Secrets Act, Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, Civil Rights Act of 1964, Americans with Disabilities Act, Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Family and Medical Leave Act, Affordable Care Act, Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, or Fair Labor Standards Act, state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal or state legal claims, whether under a statute or the common law (for example, tort or contract claims) arising out of or relating to Your relationship or the termination of that relationship with L’Oréal. However, this agreement to arbitrate does not apply to litigation between You and L’Oréal pending in a state or federal court as of the date of Your receipt of these L’Oréal USA Terms, nor does it apply to any claim that may not be arbitrated as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order.
If either party wishes to initiate arbitration, the initiating party must notify the other party in writing via certified mail, return receipt requested, within the applicable statute of limitations period. This demand for arbitration must include (1) the name and address of the party seeking arbitration, (2) a statement of the legal and factual basis of the claim, and (3) a description of the remedy sought. Any demand for arbitration shall be delivered to the address indicated in the notice terms of the L’Oréal USA Terms, unless that address has been updated, in writing.
Class Action Waiver. You and L’Oréal mutually agree that by entering into this agreement, we waive our right to have any Dispute brought, heard or arbitrated against either of us or our suppliers, licensors or service providers (including TikTok) as a class action, collective action and/or representative action, and an arbitrator shall not have any authority to hear or arbitrate any class, collective or representative action. Notwithstanding any other clause contained in this agreement or the AAA Rules, as set forth below, any claim that all or part of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void or voidable may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the Dispute is filed as a class, collective, representative or private attorney general action, and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class, collective, representative and/or private attorney general action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. This agreement does not prevent the filing of charges with a government agency like the Department of Labor, NLRB, or the EEOC or participation in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a government agency.
Any arbitration hereunder shall be governed by the AAA Rules, subject to the following:
This arbitration agreement is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of disputes covered by this arbitration agreement. In the event any portion of this arbitration agreement is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this arbitration agreement will be enforceable. You have the right to consult with counsel of your choice concerning this arbitration agreement.
These L’Oréal USA Terms and the contractual relationship between You and L’Oréal USA, Inc. and its affiliates and brands shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A.
We reserve the right to modify any of the terms and conditions contained in these L’Oréal USA Terms at any time and in our sole discretion by posting a change notice or revised L’Oréal USA Terms. The effective date of such change will be the date the notice is provided.YOUR CONTINUED PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGE WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFICATIONS. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOUR ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM.
WHO WE ARE; ADDRESS FOR NOTICES
L’Oréal USA, Inc.10 Hudson YardsNew York, NY 10001Attn: General Counsel
