Free 7 Piece Gift w/ $75 purchase Offer CodeJULYGIFTShop Now
Custom Skincare Set & Save 20%Build Now
Limited Time: 40% Off Select Favorites*Shop Now
Free Shipping w/$50 purchase. Free Returns, too.See Details
Shop Now. Pay Later.
There's been an error. Please try again later.
New Double WearMatte Powder Foundation
New Stay-in-Place Concealerfrom Double Wear
New Pure ColorMelt-On Glosstick
Wake up to your dream skin with Advanced Night Repair Serum.
24-hour Foundation withInvinciwear Technology™
Discover Revitalizing Supreme+Moisturizers for Day & Night
A $137 value. Yours with $75purchase.* Spend more, get more.
Make it personal. Available for select lipsticks, fragrance bottles and more.
Build a custom skincare routine& save 20%.
Delicate Floral. Effortless. Ethereal.
THE POWER OF NIGHT
Transform skin’s tomorrow, tonight.Wake up looking radiant.
Learn what we're doing to offset
carbon emissions from shipping.
Tips. Tricks. How-tos.Endless ways to stay inspired.
Our award-winning customer service can help with all your beauty questions.
Gifts they’ll love. Complimentary box and
ribbon, engraving & more.
Find your perfect shades with our
lipstick virtual try-on tool.
Take on the heat with this exclusive offer.
Shop before they’re gone.
Estée Lauder seemed destined for a life in beauty. Here, discover how she went from dreaming of her name in lights to seeing it on jars of skincare around the world.
Josephine Esther Mentzer was born in New York City. Her parents, Rose Schotz, a Hungarian beauty, and Max Mentzer, a Czechoslovakian businessman who carried a cane and gloves on Sunday, called her Esty, which was changed to Estée when she enrolled in school. The name stuck, but one early detail was never officially pinned down: her birth date. “You ask my age? I tell you it simply doesn’t matter,” she’d famously say to dodge the question. “Glow,” after all—not a number—was the real essence of beauty, she believed.
“The first beauty I ever recognized was my mother,” said Estée. Some of her earliest memories were of her mother’s grooming ritual, which revolved around applying rich creams to her face and hands to keep her skin soft and smooth. “Hands [are] as telling as any written pedigree,” Rose would tell her impressionable daughter.
Estée toyed with becoming an actress, as she believed that “actresses were the epitome of beauty.” She even appeared on stage at New York’s Cherry Lane Theater a few years after she had her first son, Leonard, who would sit in the back of the theater and watch as she rehearsed. But in the end, acting didn’t satisfy her the way whipping up skincare solutions did. “I wanted to see my name in lights, but I was willing to settle for my name on a jar.”
During a summer spent on Mohegan Lake in New York, Estée met “her first beau,” Joseph Lauter. Later, Joe changed his surname to Lauder, correcting a misspelling that had occurred when his father emigrated from Austria to the United States. The pair married in 1930 and soon moved to Manhattan. For her wedding, Estée carried pure white calla lilies and wore a satin gown with what she called “the world’s longest train.” And for the first time in her life—but certainly not the last—she applied a touch of lipstick.
Your email address has been added to our list.
Your mobile phone has been added to our list.
Championing Women’s Leadership
Founded by a visionary woman who defied limits and proved leadership knows no bounds, Estée Lauder supports emerging women leaders who are fueling innovation and progress across industries.We partner with organizations dedicated to advancing women leaders around the world, honoring Mrs. Estée Lauder’s legacy to create a more beautiful future.
How we’re championing women leaders across industries.
The Estée LauderEmerging Leaders Fund
We’re investing in emerging women leaders through training, mentorship and more.
Kode With Klossy
Inspiring young women and gender expansive youth to pursue their passions in a tech-driven world.
Breast Cancer Campaign
Our mission to create a breast cancer-free world through research, education and advocacy.
Manchester United Women's Team
How we’re partnering to empower women in sports to lead their way.
Our Founder’s Story
How Mrs. Estée Lauder’s vision and pioneering spirit redefined beauty.
Caring for the Environment
We’re commited to a more beautiful future for all.
We’re committed to a more beautiful future. Our mission will always be to bring the best to everyone we touch and to help support the environment in which we live.Through innovation and responsible business practices that help address climate change, we’re working to create a more beautiful world for future generations.
What we’re doing today and tomorrow for a more beautiful future.
Responsible Sourcing
We globally source ingredients and materials to create our products, and we collaborate with a wide, diverse supplier network. We work diligently to source ingredients responsibly and with attention to potential impacts on people and the environment through our enterprise Responsible Sourcing program. We aim to continuously improve and strengthen our sourcing practices while remaining sensitive to the local communities in which we operate.
Packaging Sustainability
76% of our packaging is at least one of the “5 Rs”: recyclable, refillable, reusable, recycled or recoverable. We’re also eliminating extraneous cartons and paper for our products wherever possible. Over 99% of our forest-based fiber cartons are FSC-certified, and we now offer 5x more packages¹ in refillable format than we did in 2019¹. Help us increase this number by selecting to replenish your refillable package.
Carbon Neutral Shipping
Estée Lauder offsets the carbon emissions from shipping for every U.S order shipped from esteelauder.com²
¹Packaging Weight.
²Estée Lauder is providing funding to the Seldovia Forest Carbon Project to offset CO2e emissions from deliveries made from our Estée Lauder U.S fulfillment center to our consumers' home delivery addresses (excludes buy online and pickup in store, Amazon, and same-day delivery). The Seldovia Forest Carbon Project protects 15,900 acres of forest land near Seldovia, Alaska to reduce impacts from mining, logging, tourism, and real estate. Seldovia Forest Carbon Project (CAR1292) adheres to ARB Compliance Offset Protocol for U.S. Forest Projects adopted June 25, 2015 and is sold by 3Degrees Group, Inc. These credits are independently verified by SCS Global Services.
Our programs and partnerships empower women leaders across the globe.
A $137 value.Yours with any $75 purchase.*
OFFER CODEJULYGIFT
Spend $150, add a free-full sizeRevitalizing Supreme+ Moisturizer (1 oz.) to your gift.*
LIFT. FIRM. HYDRATE.Spend $150, add a free full-sizeRevitalizing Supreme+ Moisturizer (1 oz.) to your gift.*Both gifts together a $272 value.
Best Seller
Refill Available
Limited Edition
1C1 Cool Bone
*While supplies last. Quantities limited.
Take on the heat with 40% off seasonal favorites,limited edition exclusives and more.
Shop the makeup, skincare and fragrance best-sellers that your routine needs.
*One custom set per order. No offer code required. 20% off will be automatically applied at checkout.
Build your skincare set by choosing a cleanser or treatment,serum and moisturizer.
New
2C
1N0 Porcelain
390 Melted Melon
.5N
Extreme Black
STARTING IN 14 DAYS
POWERED BY SIRTIVITY-LP™ TECHNOLOGY.15+ YEARS OF RESEARCH.
It Pays To Be Loyal
SIGN UP & RECEIVE 15% OFFJoin the Estée E-List Loyalty Program today and receive 15% off one online order plus exclusive rewards, benefits and much more.
Shop Now, Pay Later
IT’S EASY WITH AFTERPAYChoose Afterpay at checkout and pay over time in 4 installments on orders $35 and above!
FREE RETURNS, TOOEnjoy free standard shipping on every order of $50 or more. And free returns means you either love it or return it—we’ll cover the postage.
NEW SHADES, NEW LOOKSUse our virtual try-on tools to find new shades and looks from the comfort of home. Choose from a variety of formulas and find just what you need for any occasion.
GIVE $15, GET $15Share the Lauder love with a friend, and you'll both get $15 off your next $75+ order.*
