Advanced Repair Cream
Advanced Repair Lotion
Advanced Repair Hand Cream
Face
Body
Sun
Baby
Daily Lotion Broad Spectrum SPF 30
Gel-Cream
Moisture Boost Serum
Night Cream
Dark Spots on the Face
Should You Wear Sunscreen Every Day?
Why Is My Skin So Dry?
Wrinkles and Fine Lines On The Face
Age Defense Face Sunscreen SPF 50
Sensitive Tinted Mineral Face Lotion
Eucerin
With 100+ years of skincare science, Eucerin’s clinically proven, science-backed formulas with innovative ingredients and skincare technology deliver effective results.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Follow Us Here
About
Eucerin Advanced Repair Cream helps repair dry or very dry skin with a cream designed to fight dryness at its source. Its purposeful formulation combines Ceramide-3 and 5 Natural Moisturizing Factors and helps strengthen the skin’s moisture barrier to support its ability to lock in moisture, boost skin’s hydration, and prevent dryness from reoccurring.
Eucerin Advanced Repair Cream is a lightweight, fast-absorbing body moisturizer that is gentle enough for daily use.
How to Use
Ingredients
We choose all our ingredients with great care and never compromise on quality. Learn more about the key ingredients of this product.
The ingredients in our brand products are updated regularly. For this reason, occasionally there may be discrepancies between the ingredients on our website and on our product packaging. We therefore recommend that you always pay attention to the information on our product packaging and check the ingredients listed there.
Related Articles
Sun Protection
Non-Comedogenic Sunscreen for Oily and Acne-Prone Skin
Skin Treatment
Eucerin's selected advice for the health of your skin
Skin's pH - what is it and why does it matter?
Skin Knowledge
7 Secrets To Healthier Looking Skin
Very Dry Skin
Dry & Sensitive Skin
How to Recognize and Help Protect Dry, Sensitive skin.
Water, Glycerin, Urea
Read more about our product
You may also like
Advanced Repair
Advanced Repair Cream Tube, 8 oz
For Very Dry Skin
Sensitive Skin, Dry Skin
Eucerin Advanced Cleansing Body and Face Wash
Dry Skin
What causes dry hands and how to soothe them
Discover a moisture-replenishing cream specifically formulated to help overcome dry hands. It is purposefully developed with AHA and Ceramide-3 for gentle exfoliation and to help strengthen skin’s moisture barrier and lock in moisture. Enriched with Natural Moisturizing Factors, it boosts skin’s natural moisture to help prevent dryness from reoccurring.
Eucerin Advanced Repair Hand Cream leaves hands noticeably softer and smoother after just one application by replenishing the moisture skin craves.
Discover the life-changing power of Eucerin’s dermatological skin care products
Skin Balance Day Cream
Skin Balance Night Cream, 1.7 oz
Skin Balance Day Cream, 1.7 oz
Dual Serum
Eye Cream
Daily Lotion SPF 30
Cleansing Gel
Relief for Very Dry Skin
Face Hydrating Foam Cleanser
Gentle Cleansing Hydrating Micellar Water, 13.5 FL OZ
Gentle Cleansing Hydrating Cleansing Gel, 13.5 FL OZ
Gentle Cleansing Hydrating Cleansing Gel, 6.8 FL OZ
Gentle Cleansing Hydrating Micellar Water, 6.8 FL OZ
Restores dull, ashy, & flaky skin
Intensive Repair Lotion
Q10 Revitalize Night Cream
Q10 Revitalize Daily Cream
What is Eczema and How Can It Be Treated?
Advanced Hydration After Sun Lotion
Sensitive Mineral Sunscreen SPF 50
Advanced Hydration Ultra-Light SPF 50 Face Sunscreen
Advanced Hydration Sunscreen Spray SPF 50
Advanced Hydration SPF 50 Sunscreen
Sensitive Mineral Baby Sunscreen SPF 50
Clear Skin SPF 50 Face Sunscreen
Tinted Age Defense SPF 50 Face Sunscreen
Advanced Hydration SPF 30 Sunscreen Spray
Skin Health Tips and Skin Facts for UV Exposure
Learn how to protect your skin and still enjoy the sun.
Dry Skin – Cause, Symptoms and Care
Improves the Look and Feel of Rough and Bumpy Skin
Roughness Relief Cream
Roughness Relief Lotion
Helps reduce incidence of eczema flares
Eczema Relief Cream & Body Wash
Eczema Relief Cream
Eucerin Eczema Relief Hydrogel
Eczema Relief Flare-Up Treatment
Relieve dry, itchy skin
Skin Calming Itch-Relief Lotion
Skin Calming Lotion
Skin Calming Cream
Moisturizes dry skin
Daily Hydration Lotion with SPF 15
Daily Hydration Lotion
Helps heal extremely dry, compromised skin
Original Healing Rich Cream 16 oz. Jar
Original Healing Lotion
Eucerin Baby Eczema Relief Hydrogel
Baby Eczema Relief Cream & Body Wash
Baby Eczema Relief Body Creme
Baby Lotion
Baby Wash & Shampoo
Baby Wash and Shampoo
Daily Protection Face Lotion Broad Spectrum SPF 30
6 Ways To Shape Your Skincare Routine
The Science Behind Skin Maintenance
Eucerin can help you face your skin concerns with clinically proven confidence
When it comes to skin care, Eucerin has you covered
Explore advanced dermatological sun care with 5 antioxidants from Eucerin
Help your little one feel comfortable with gentle skin care from Eucerin
Dry skin on face, scalp and body is unpleasant and less resistant to external influences. With valuable, repairing ingredients Eucerin offers solutions to rebuild the natural strength of your skin. The goal of dry skin treatment should be to moisturize and strengthen the natural protective barrier. Therefore, Eucerin provides a wide selection of innovative skin care products that help to relieve skin and dryness.
Dry, rough, and flaky skin is often itchy and can even crack. With a damaged skin barrier, health is at risk: bacteria and allergens can easily pass through the skin layers and increase symptoms like cracking and itchiness. A rich and moisturising skin care can help reduce those unpleasant symptoms and repair micro-cracks in the skin. Eucerin has developed a skin care that is formulated to relieve dryness and itching, while supporting the skin in rebuilding its natural barrier.
Go beyond sun protection with Eucerin® Sun—the only dermatological sun care brand enriched with 5 antioxidants (5 AOX Shield™) to help defend against long-term sun damage.*
*Use and reapply as directed with other sun protection measures (see Drug Facts Box).
Helps protect against UVA and UVB rays
Neutralizes and helps guard against formation of free radicals
Clinical benefits for specific skin needs
The ONLY dermatological sun care enriched with 5 antioxidants to help defend against long-term sun damage.*
Hyaluronic acid, an enriched formula, visibly reduces the look of fine lines and wrinkles.†
†With continuous use after 1 week.
Eucerin® Sun Sensitive Tinted Mineral FaceProvides daily mineral sun protection for the face with asheer tintthat blends seamlessly into all skin tones.Formulated with 100% naturally sourced zinc oxide‡Suitable for all skin types and tonesLayers invisibly under makeupHypoallergenic formula‡Based on zinc oxide active.Learn more
Provides daily mineral sun protection for the face with asheer tintthat blends seamlessly into all skin tones.
‡Based on zinc oxide active.
Formula withhyaluronic acid and humectantsattracts
        and replenishes skin's natural moisture, leaving skin hydrated and
        supple throughout the day, for an immediate and long-lasting hydrating effect.
Antioxidants: Glycyrrhetinic Acid, Licochalcone A, Vitamin E, Vitamin
C, and Oxynex®ST.
*Use as directed with other sun protection measures (see Drug Facts Box).
Eucerin® Advanced Repair is uniquely formulated to provide gentle, lightweight, and fast-absorbing, 48-hour daily hydration for dry to very dry skin. It’s enriched with Ceramide-3 and Natural Moisturizing Factors, including 5% Urea, and helps repair the skin’s moisture barrier, replenish moisture, and prevent dryness from reoccurring.
7 Facts That Debunk Dry Skin Myths
Skin Health Tips and Skin Facts
Eucerin® Baby is a pediatrician-recommended brand dedicated to helping instill healthy skin habits at an early age. Explore our gentle skin care for bathing, dry skin, and eczema-prone skin.
Normal Skin - Skin Health Tips and Skin Facts
About Eczema
Eucerin® Eczema Relief products provide clinically proven formulas for eczema-prone skin. Enriched with Colloidal Oatmeal (skin protectant), Ceramide-3, and Licorice Root Extract, these formulas soothe and protect eczema-prone skin, making it the #1 best-selling eczema relief brand. Based on Beiersdorf’s assessment of OmniMarket Service data reported by Circana, LLC, of Total US Multi-Outlet on the Hand & Body Lotion Category, categorized for eczema, for the 52-week period ending 8-18-2024.
Sensitive Skin - Skin Health Tips and Skin Facts
Eucerin® Gentle Cleansing offers a range of mild cleansers purposefully formulated for all skin types, including sensitive, that provide a refreshing cleanse that doesn’t leave skin feeling tight and dry. Enriched with Hyaluronic Acid, these products are designed to simultaneously clean and hydrate the skin.
Eucerin® Immersive Hydration clinically proven formulas provide deep hydration within surface layers of the skin to give skin a smoother appearance. Developed with a unique Multi-Weight Hyaluronic Acid-enriched formula, these products use two sizes of hyaluronic acid molecules for comprehensive hydration.*Excludes Eucerin Face Micellar Water and Cleansing Gel.
Eucerin® Intensive Repair is designed to hydrate and repair very dry, flaky, and dull skin to restore its radiance. Formulated with 5% Urea, this body lotion is enriched with Alpha Hydroxy Acid (AHA) and Natural Moisturizing Factors and simultaneously exfoliates, moisturizes, and conditions the skin.
Eucerin® Original Healing intensively hydrates to help protect extra dry, flaky, and compromised skin for a noticeably healthier-looking appearance. Its time-tested formula is enriched with rich emollients and intensively moisturizes.
Eucerin® Q10 Revitalize is a twice-daily anti-wrinkle routine designed to moisturize to help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles for visibly smoother, healthier-looking skin. Enriched with Coenzyme Q10, its purposeful formulations help hydrate and support the skin’s defense against free radicals for healthy-looking skin.
Uniquely formulated with Thiamidol, Radiant Tone products help visibly reduce the look of persistent dark spots due to sun exposure, aging, and imperfections when used regularly.* Brought to you by the #1 Global Even Skincare Brand.†*Excludes Radiant Tone Cleansing Gel and Radiant Tone Eye Cream.†Beiersdorf analysis of IQVIA Consumer Health Sell-Out Data based on 16 countries (excluding the US); MAT 08/2023.
Eucerin® Roughness Relief, with 10% Urea, leaves rough, bumpy skin looking and feeling smooth and healthy. These specialized formulas with Natural Moisturizing Factors and Urea provide gentle exfoliation while hydrating and conditioning skin.
Baby Skin
Baby skin is delicate. Find out all about the best way to protect it
Eucerin® Skin Balance clinically proven formulas are formulated to help moisturize dry, sensitive skin to achieve a more radiant-looking appearance. Its Tri-Balance Complex-enriched formulas target dry skin during the day and night to help soothe and replenish moisture to dry skin and improve skin’s overall resilience.
Eucerin® Skin Calming and Itch Relief products are uniquely formulated to provide immediate relief from dry, itchy skin. Our menthol external analgesic lotion instantly soothes dry, itchy skin and provides itch relief that lasts for up to 12 hours. Our emollient-rich Skin Calming formulations are enriched with natural oatmeal to provide moisture to help soothe dry, itchy skin.
Everything you need to know about dermatological skincare
Eczema on Hands – Causes, Treatment & Prevention
Eczema Flare-Ups – Why They Happen & How to Find Relief
Baby Eczema – Symptoms, Causes, and Helpful Tips
Popular Products
Skin Type
Dry Skin on the Face – Causes, Symptoms & Solutions
How to Hydrate Skin
Skincare Routine for Dry Skin on the Face
What Causes Dry Feet and How to Soothe Them
How Much Sunscreen to Use On Your Face
Support skin health with Eucerin® Sun, featuring 5 AOX Shield™
Expect more with Eucerin. Don’t settle when it comes to skin care. With 100+ years of skincare science, Eucerin’s clinically proven, science-backed formulas with innovative ingredients and skincare technology deliver effective results — so you can maximize your routine with products that do more.
“I turn to Eucerin’s Immersive Hydration Collection and the power of multi-weight hyaluronic acid micro molecules to both hydrate my face and to smooth the look of fine lines and wrinkles. I love that Eucerin is clinically proven and backed by 100 years of skincare science, but what I love even more are the results I get.”
—Dr. Mamina Turengano
“If you’re like me and need a solution for dry skin, use Eucerin Advanced Repair Lotion: the formula of ceramide-3 and five natural moisturizing factors helps to strengthen the skin’s moisture barrier and hydrates for up to 48 hours—giving me one less thing to think about as I go about my busy day.” —Dr. Mark Strom
“Finding a sunscreen that you love and will use every day is the key to daily sun protection, which is vitally important for your skin’s health over time. I rely on Eucerin Tinted Sensitive Mineral Face Lotion SPF 35 because I love the lightweight texture and the sheer hint of coverage, which is perfect for my summer schedule.” —Dr. Sam Ellis
More than 100 years of innovative skin science. For more than a century, Beiersdorf, the company behind Eucerin, has been associated with groundbreaking innovation in skin care formulas. From the beginning, research and product development at Eucerin has been grounded in state-of-the-art dermatological research.
Eucerin’s origins can be found in a nineteenth-century pharmacy in Hamburg, Germany, one that was owned and operated by the apothecary Paul C. Beiersdorf.
In 1882 Paul C. Beiersdorf applied for a patent for a new type of medical dressing and in so doing founded the Beiersdorf Company. Eight years later, he sold the business to fellow pharmacist Oscar Troplowitz who began to manufacture products under the Beiersdorf brand name. Close cooperation with pioneering dermatologist Paul Gerson Unna meant that these products were inspired by and based on the very latest research of skin.
"THIS COMBINATION OF STATE-OF-THE-ART RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT GROUNDED IN THE MOST CURRENT SCIENTIFIC KNOWLEDGE RUNS THROUGH OUR HISTORY, RIGHT UP TO THE PRESENT DAY."
It means that every one of our products is both scientifically relevant and proven for tolerability and efficacy, and provide with reliable skin care solutions.
1900
In the year 1900, young chemist Isaac Lifschütz filed a patent for an emulsifying agent, which he named Eucerit - inspired by the old Greek word for “the beautiful wax”.Dr. Lifschütz’s development of Eucerit can be seen as a medical revolution of its time. Eucerit was the technological base to develop for the first time stable water-in-oil emulsions.It also formed the basis of all Beiersdorf products at that time.
Professor Unna was particularly impressed with the properties of the ointment that resulted from that medical revolution.
"EUCERIN OINTMENT IS AGREEABLE FOR THE PHARMACIST DUE TO ITS STABLE AND SMOOTH CONSISTENCY, IT IS EASILY PRESCRIBED BY THE DOCTOR AND IT CREATES A GOOD FEELING FOR THE PATIENT DUE TO ITS SMOOTHNESS AND COOLING EFFECT."
1970 - 1980
This decade saw the creation of the first line of Eucerin products for use on all kinds of skin, and especially for sensitive skin. So it was in the ’70s that Eucerin established a holistic program to sustain and protect its customers’ skin health. Eucerin products are recommended today by doctors worldwide for a range of skin issues, due to how well the skincare line is tolerated by consumers, and the high degree of efficacy and skin protection provided by the Eucerin line of products.
A dedicated process for your healthy and radiant skin
Eucerin sets its own standards in terms of modern skin care solutions. Learn about Eucerin´s intensive research and development processes.
We want to keep your skin healthy-looking and radiant- Learn about this dedication and passion.
Let us be YOUR brand of choice. Sign up to receive exclusive content and coupons on our full range of Dermatologist Recommended products.
We use cookies on this website to understand how you use our website, and improve browsing experience and marketing. By continuing to browse or by clicking “Accept”, you consent to our use of cookies.  To get more information or update your cookies preferences, click here at any time:Cookies SettingandPrivacy Policy.
Eczema Relief
For eczema-prone Skin
for Eczema-Prone Skin
Colloidal Oatmeal, Water, Glycerin
Active Ingredient
Avobenzone (3%), Homosalate (10%), Octisalate (5%), Octocrylene (10%)
Uneven Skin
Try the range of Eucerin body lotions and enjoy long-lasting moisturization.
Look after young skin with gentle care products formulated especially for children and babies.
Get hydration that lasts all day* and helps improve the look of fine lines and wrinkles.
This daily hydrating moisturizer uses a clinically proven, Multi-Weight Hyaluronic Acid-enriched formula that combines two sizes of hyaluronic acid molecules and intensely hydrates the surface and upper surface layers of the skin for a visibly plumper and smoother appearance.  Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is further enriched with an antioxidant complex and helps defend against damaging free radicals for radiant and healthy-looking skin.
*For sun protection with Daily Lotion, use as directed.
Avobenzone (3%), Homosalate (10%), Octisalate (4.5%), Octocrylene (10%)
What key ingredients are in this face lotion?
This face lotion is enriched with multi-weight Hyaluronic Acid to intensively hydrate the skin and an Antioxidant Complex to help defend against damaging free radicals.
Is Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion fragrance-free?
Yes, this daily lotion is fragrance-free.
How should you apply this product?
For daily use in the morning, massage Eucerin Face Immersive Daily Lotion into the face and neck area as the last step in your skincare routine.
What product works best with this moisturizer?
Pair the Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion Broad Spectrum SPF 30 with Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Moisture Boost Serum and Immersive Hydration Night Cream.
Is this product suitable for sensitive skin?
Yes, Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion is suitable for all skin types, even sensitive skin, and it does not clog pores.
Immersive Hydration
At night, improve the look of fine lines and wrinkles with a clinically proven, refreshing gel-cream formula. Enriched with Multi-Weight Hyaluronic Acid, it deeply hydrates throughout skin's surface layers for up to 72 hours and visibly smooths skin. Further enriched with an Antioxidant Complex, this formula defends against damaging free radicals for a healthy-looking appearance.
Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Gel-Cream is formulated to help hydrate and moisturize for skin that looks fresh and feels more resilient.
What key ingredients are in this gel-cream?
This gel-cream is enriched with multi-weight Hyaluronic Acid to intensively hydrate to smooth the look of fine lines and wrinkles, and an Antioxidant Complex to help defend against damaging free radicals.
Is Eucerin Immersive Hydration Gel-Cream fragrance-free?
This gel-cream has a skin-friendly fragrance that is free of common fragrance allergens.
Morning and/or night, massage Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Gel-Cream into face and neck after cleansing.
Can you use a moisturizer or face lotion along with this gel-cream?
After applying this gel-cream, for additional moisture, apply Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Face Lotion over the gel-cream in the morning and apply Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Night cream over the gel-cream at night.
Yes, Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Gel-Cream is suitable for all skin types, even sensitive skin, and it does not clog pores.
Water, Alcohol Denat., Glycerin
Immediately smooth skin’s appearance and intensively hydrate with our Multi-Weight Hyaluronic Acid-enriched serum. The clinically proven formula is enriched with two sizes of 3x concentrated* Multi-Weight Hyaluronic Acid and hydrates the skin’s surface and upper surface layers.
Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Moisture Boost Serum helps skin immediately feel fresh, hydrated, and appear visibly smoother.
*Vs Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion SPF 30.
What key ingredients are in this serum?
This serum is enriched with two sizes of 3x concentrated* Hyaluronic Acid, that hydrates the skin’s surface, plus its upper surface layers.*vs. Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion SPF 30.
Is Eucerin Immersive Hydration Moisture Boost Serum fragrance-free?
The Moisture Boost Serum has a skin-friendly fragrance that is free of common fragrance allergens.
As the first step after cleansing, massage Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Moisture Boost Serum into the face and neck area, morning and night.
What moisturizer should you use after applying this facial serum?
After applying this facial serum, follow with Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion SPF 30. For nightime use, follow with Immersive Hydration Night Cream.
Yes, Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Moisture Boost Serum is suitable for all skin types, even sensitive skin, and it does not clog pores.
Water, Alcohol Denat., Butylene Glycol
Restore your skin’s moisture throughout the night with a lightweight, clinically proven formula that helps improve the look of fine lines and wrinkles. Its Multi-Weight Hyaluronic Acid and Provitamin B5-enriched formula intensively hydrates and conditions the skin’s surface and upper surface layers for noticeably smoother skin and a visibly renewed appearance.
Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Night Cream is also formulated with a unique antioxidant complex and helps defend against damaging free radicals for hydrated and healthy-looking skin.
This serum is enriched with Provitamin B5 and multi-weight Hyaluronic Acid—Macro Hyaluronic plus 40x* smaller micro molecules—to intensively hydrate and visibly smooth skin. *40x smaller than macro Hyaluronic Acid molecules also in formula.
Is Eucerin Immersive Hydration Night Cream fragrance-free?
Yes, this night cream is fragrance-free.
For evening use and after cleansing, massage Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Night Cream into the face and neck area.
What product works best with this night cream?
Pair the Immersive Hydration Night Cream with Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion and Immersive Hydration Moisture Boost Serum.
Yes, Eucerin Face Immersive Hydration Night Cream is suitable for all skin types, even sensitive skin, and it does not clog pores.
Water, Glycerin, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter
Dark spots on the skin, which some also refer to as age spots, are a common skin concern that many people experience, particularly as they grow older. They can appear on the face, arms and legs, among other parts of the body, and can often be mistaken for freckles due to their similar appearance. While dark spots are harmless, they can have an impact on confidence and self-esteem.
There are several reasons dark spots may appear on the skin. This article discusses dark spots due to sun exposure and aging.
What causes dark spots?
Sun exposure:Dark spots can be caused by sun exposure and are very common in adults older than 50, though they can appear earlier if skin is exposed to the sun. For this reason, these dark spots are also sometimes referred to as sun spots.When exposed to UV rays from the sun or a tanning bed, the skin produces more melanin in an effort to protect itself from further UV damage. If skin is exposed to too much sun over a long period of time, dark blotches on the skin concentrated in the most commonly exposed areas such as the face, hands, and décolletage may appear.Aging:Dark spots can also appear on the skin as a natural response to aging and can be referred to as age spots. As skin ages, melanin in the skin can shift and become concentrated in certain areas, resulting in anuneven skin tone.
Benign dark spots on the skin caused by aging or sun exposure are completely normal, but they can be a source of self-consciousness for some.
Thankfully, minimizing the look of dark spots on the skin does not have to require expensive dermatological treatments. While you cannot completely get rid of dark spots with over-the-counter skincare products, there are several products that can help reduce their appearance.
With Eucerin’s Radiant Tone line of skincare products, you can help visibly reduce the look of persistent dark spots due to aging and sun exposure with regular use, and when used as directed.Note:When incorporating Eucerin® Radiant Tone products into your skincare routine, be sure to limit the collective use of Radiant Tone products (excluding the Gel Cleanser) to 4 times a day. Do not use on skin with active acne or irritation, and for best skin compatibility, use products from within the Radiant Tone range.
Cleanser for skin with dark spots
Eucerin Radiant Tone Cleansing Gelgently cleanses the skin and helps restore skin’s radianceWith a powerful 2% AHA Complex, this cleanser gently exfoliates while helping maintain the skin's natural moisture balance, leaving skin feeling smooth and soft.Eucerin Radiant Tone Cleansing Gelis appropriate for all skin types.
Serum for dark spots
Eucerin® Radiant Tone Dark Spot Corrector Dual Serumaddresses dark spots due to sun exposure and aging as well as uneven skin tone, dullness, and lack of radiance. Enriched with Thiamidol, Hyaluronic Acid, and Licochalcone A, this serum is appropriate for all skin types and can be used day or night. This dark spot serum visibly reduces the look of persistent dark spots due to aging and sun exposure and helps improve skin clarity for younger-looking, visibly even skin over time with regular use.
97%of subjects
agree that the appearance of their skin was improved in as little as two weeks*
*Eucerin Serum - 44 subjects. Excludes Daily Lotion, Night Cream, & Eye Corrector
Formulated with Hyaluronic Acid, theEucerin Radiant Tone Dark Spot Corrector Dual Serumhelps smooth the look offine lines & wrinkles, and provides a more radiant appearance with regular use.
98%of subjects
claimed the serum visibly improved their complexion**
**Eucerin Serum - after 4wks. Home in use test- 119 respondents. Excludes Daily Lotion, Night Cream, & Eye Corrector
Apply on well-cleansed face. Gently massage into skin before moving on to other steps in your skincare routine. Avoid direct eye contact.
Day cream for dark spots
Eucerin® Radiant Tone Dark Spot Corrector Daily Lotionwith Broad-Spectrum SPF 30 Sunscreen is recommended for dark spots due to sun exposure, imperfections and aging, and can improve skin’s radiance in as little as 2 weeks. With regular use, this daily lotion with SPF 30 diminishes the look of persistent dark spots due to sun exposure, imperfections and aging, and helps prevent their reappearance with regular use.
Night Cream for dark spots
Eucerin Radiant Tone Night Creamformulated with Thiamidol, helps to visibly reduce the look of dark spots due to sun exposure, imperfections and aging while you sleep. This dark spot corrector supports a visibly renewed appearance and helps restore skin’s radiance, helping to maintain even-looking skin with regular use.
Eye Cream for dark circles
Eucerin® Radiant Tone Eye Cream– Dark Circle Corrector formulated with Thiamidol and Hyaluronic Acid instantly brightens the under-eye area and helps reduce the look of puffiness. Light-reflecting pigments instantly deliver a brighter, more illuminated look, and with regular use, this eye cream helps to visibly reduce the look of  dark circles over time.
Proper sun protection is essential in helping to prevent sun-induced dark spots on the skin. Follow the proceeding sun-protection guidelines to help prevent sun spots from appearing on the skin:
The information provided herein is not intended to be medical advice. Nor is it intended to treat the underlying skin disease or condition. The information is provided solely to:1. Moisturize, soften and smooth dry skin2. Improve the appearance of the skin3. Achieve healthier-looking skin
Most of us know we need to protect ourselves from the sun, but don't necessarily wear sunscreen all year round. Sun protection isn't just for hot, sunny weather - you can burn even when it's cloudy or cold.
Find out why you should wear sunscreen every day, the important role it should play in your skincare routine, and whether to apply sunscreen before or after your moisturizer.
While it's important you get enough vitamin D from sunlight as our bodies don’t produce their own, you should always protect yourself from the sun's harmful UVA and UVB rays. UV-induced skin damage can be associated with skin aging, burning, and the development of skin cancer, so using a sunscreen as directed to help mitigate some of the exposure to this radiation is an important component of an overall sun protection routine.Here are some useful facts about UVA and UVB rays:
UVA raysweaken the skin's immune mechanisms and responses which can contribute to the development of skin cancer. The impact of UVA damage isn't visible on the skin, meaning we may not be aware of its full impact until years later.
UVB rayscause direct damage to skin cells, showing up as sunburn. Eventually those cells may become cancerous, so UVB rays are particularly harmful to our skin.Learn more about UV exposure and skin health tips for sun protection.
Since we experience exposure to harmful UV rays year-round, on sunny and cloudy days, the short answer isyes, you should wear sunscreen every day.A few minutes in the sun provides a healthy dose of vitamin D, but our skin is often exposed to several hours of UV rays. With continuous use, and with other sun protection measures, a broad-spectrum sunscreen with an SPF of at least 15 can help with signs of aging and help protect from UV rays. This is why you should wear sunscreen every day as part of your skincare routine and keep applying as directed.
Years of sun damage can result in you looking much older than you really are, but if you wear a broad-spectrum sunscreen every day, you can help with signs of aging with continuous use.
Complexion can also play a role in UV radiation risk. Those with fairer skin have less melanin, which is a protective pigment, so are more at risk of UV radiation throughout the year. However, UV radiation affects all skin tones. People with more melanin also need to protect themselves as they too can be affected by UV rays and experience sunburn.
Applying sunscreen should be considered as much a part of your daily routine as cleansing, moisturizing and toning. If you're wondering whether to apply sunscreen before or after your moisturizer,SPF should be applied as the final step in your routine, before make-up.
Several day creams and facial moisturizers, likeEucerin® Face Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion Broad Spectrum SPF 30include SPF so it’s easy to incorporate into your daily skin care routine. For sunscreen use, ensure to follow the directions and reapply. However, your skin may require a higher SPF or, based on your activity, a sunscreen with water-resistance, which can be used in addition to, or instead of, your usual moisturizer with SPF.
Though the risk of sun exposure is usually low when indoors, if you often sit near windows when working or if you spend a lot of time in your car, you should wear sunscreen with an SPF of at least 30 indoors and in your car.Can you tan through glass? Are you exposed to the sun’s UV rays through a window?Technically, yes, but it would take a long time. Almost 100% of UVB rays are blocked by glass, but UVA rays can still damage skin through windows.
As explained, you should wear sunscreen every day even if your skincare or make-up includes SPF.Eucerin Sun products, when used as directed with other sun protection measures such as limiting time in the sun (especially between 10am-2pm), and wearing long-sleeved shirts, long pants, hats, and sunglasses, help to prevent sunburn and mitigate exposure to the sun’s harmful rays.Eucerin sunscreens for face and body are the only dermatological sun care brand with a unique complex of 5 antioxidants. Developed by dermatologists, products in the Eucerin Sun line offer broad spectrum UVA/UVB sun protection in formulas that are hypoallergenic, non-comedogenic, and suitable for daily use.
The information provided herein is not intended to be medical advice. Nor is it intended to treat the underlying skin disease or condition. The information is provided for educational purposes only on the benefits of sunscreen usage.
Dry, flaky skin on the body is a common skin complaint, with over 40% of visits to dermatologists relating to skin dryness. The skin is one of the body's most important organs. It gives us our sense of touch, regulates body temperature, and protects against infections. However, dry, itchy, scaly and flaky skin can be uncomfortable and irritating if severe.Dry skin also cannot function as well as normal, hydrated skin, with an increased risk of sun damage, premature skin aging and if left unattended it can become severe and may lead to infections. In this article, learn about the symptoms and causes of dry and very dry skin on the body, as well as how to treat it effectively.
Dry skin can occur all over the body, although the most commonly affected areas include the hands,face, elbows, legs, feet, scalp and arms. Often, dry skin patches develop in areas which are more exposed than others such as exposure to cold air in winter, although dry skin can be caused by skin conditions such aseczemaand psoriasis.Severe dry skin may feel extremely tight, scaly or leathery and often itchy. For extremely dry skin, the affected areas may feel rough, cracked and sore. However, it may not be obvious that dryness is the cause of these skin symptoms depending on the severity of the condition and the area of the body affected.
Mild dry skin
At first, you may only notice a light tightness or mild roughness on your skin. As the skin loses further moisture, the patches of dry skin will become rougher and may have a flaky or scaly appearance. These dry, flaky skin patches are likely to itch due to the dryness and be uncomfortable.
Severe dry skin
Extremely dry skin on the body occurs when dry patches remain untreated or if the dry skin treatment used is ineffective. The skin may become damaged, feeling extremely tight, rough and potentially cracked and bleeding. Severe dry skin is often extremely itchy and prone to irritation. See a dermatologist if you have severe dry skin.
Dry, scaly skin
Large, scale-like flakes are the result of the loss of the outer layer of the epidermis. Skin looks dry and cracked and starts to peel, leading to a scaly appearance. The scales then redden and itch. Since scaly skin can be quite visible, especially on areas like the hands and face, scaling skin can impact a person's confidence. Speak to a dermatologist for advice on scaly skin.
Dry skin on hands
Dry skin on the hands, including flaky and cracked skin on the knuckles, fingers and palms is particularly common, especially if you are washing your hands frequently or more than often or are using hand sanitizer.
Dry skin on feet
Dry skin on the feet, in particular dry skin patches around the heel are also common. This is because there are various parts of the feet which are weight-bearing areas, such as the balls of our feet, as well as areas which often experience friction such as the ankles and soles. This friction and pressure can cause damage, causing dry, peeling skin to form. Severe dry skin on the feet can become cracked and scaly in places, leading to cracked heels which is often painful. If you notice these symptoms, you should see a dermatologist for help.
Very dry skin on the body can also be related to certain skin conditions:
Always speak to a dermatologist if you have any concerns about your dry skin.
There are many causes of dry skin on the body, as well as contributing factors which can worsen symptoms of dryness. These range from environmental influences and inadequate skincare to medical conditions like Psoriasis and Atopic Dermatitis.There are also internal influences which affect our skin’s ability to stay hydrated and hold onto moisture.
External causes of dry skin
Dry, rough and tight skin can be caused by a breakdown in three main areas of moisture control: a broken surface barrier caused by a deficiency of skin lipids, a dehydrated stratum corneum (upper layers of the skin) brought about by a decrease in natural moisturizing factors, and poor moisture distribution in the lower layers of the skin.
Environmental causes of dry skin:There are various external triggers which can cause dry and very dry skin on the body:
Skincare factors that affect skin hydration:
Internal factors that can cause very dry skin
Genetic influencesThe skin's moisture balance is also influenced by genetics. Our genes influence whether someone has oily skin, dry skin or another skin type. Although skin types are inherited, individuals will not necessarily have the same skin type as their parents. However, skin conditions likeatopic dermatitis, Psoriasis, diabetes and ichthyosis often have a genetic link.MedicationDry skin is a side effect of many medications, including diuretic blood pressure medications which work by increasing the rate of water excretion from the body, as well as certain antibiotics and oral acne medications. Always check with a doctor or pharmacist if you are concerned that a medication may be contributing to your dry skin.Hormonal influencesChanges in the levels of certain hormones, particularly estrogen and testosterone, can influence the skin's moisture and lipid levels. This is particularly noticeable after the menopause, when the skin becomes dry due to a decrease in estrogen production. Dry skin may also occur during pregnancy due to hormonal changes, in addition to the extra demand of bodily fluid.DietLike any other organ, the skin requires a range of important nutrients in order to function properly. These include unsaturated fatty acids and vitamins. Having a diet that lacks any of these can contribute to dry skin and make existing conditions worse.AgeAs the skin becomes older, the number of sebaceous and sweat glands in the skin decreases, resulting in a reduced ability to produce sweat and lipids. Similarly, the water content of the skin and its ability to hold moisture is also reduced. These factors lead to dryness and a loss of elasticity, which in turn contributes to skin ageing and the development of fine lines and wrinkles.
In addition to the main causes of dry skin on the body that have been outlined above, there are several other factors that affect the severity of skin dryness. An awareness of these factors will help you to avoid them and thereby reduce the likelihood of developing severe dry skin.
Lack of effective dry skin treatment
When dry skin is not treated quickly, the severity of the dryness can increase. This can lead to the moisture network of the skin to be disrupted. When this happens, it’s essential to use a moisturizer that is clinically and dermatologically-tested to address this problem to treat dry, flaky skin effectively.
Sun exposure
Sun exposure damages your skin and hinders its ability to retain moisture; it also diminishes your skin's ability to replenish and repair itself, which can worsendehydrated skin. To protect dry skin from sun damage, wear sunscreen with an appropriate Sun Protection Factor (SPF) that also restores missing moisturizing to replenish the skin and use as directed.Some occupations can increase the risk of dry skin development due to constant sun exposure. It is also important that your sunscreen, and any other skincare products that are used on your dry skin do not contain irritating perfumes and colorants: dry skin, especially dry facial skin, is more prone to irritation than normal skin.
Dehydration
The skin receives its moisture via the body and is therefore dependent on the body’s water balance for keeping the skin hydrated and soft. When the body is dehydrated it reduces the supply of moisture to the skin, which slows down the natural flow of water through the skin.This is how dehydration can contribute to the worsening of dry skin conditions, especially in elderly people who are prone to dehydration as the sensation of thirst diminishes with age.
Smoking
Cigarettes contain many toxins, such as nicotine, which may reduce blood flow. A decreased blood flow results in a decreased metabolic rate, causing the skin to age prematurely and dry out.
Dry skin is caused by a breakdown in the skin’s barrier function, which leads to the loss of moisture and a decline in the skin's water-binding capacity. Therefore, dry flaky skin needs a skincare routine that does not cause any further deterioration of the skin barrier and replaces the missing natural moisture.In addition, skincare for dry skin should include products that are suitable for the severity of dryness, depending on the person. For instance, atopic dermatitis in babies and young children may require specific products for treatment that differ from those tailored to adults with this condition. When choosing a skincare product for children, always check the age recommendation.
Cleansing dry skin on the body
Dry skin usually occurs when the skin’s surface barrier breaks down, therefore it is important that the cleanser you use is gentle enough not to wash away this natural, protective barrier.Eucerin Advanced Cleansing Body & Face Washis a gentle and effective body cleanser. This can be used daily and will not strip  away skin’s natural moisture barrier.
What is the best moisturizer for dry skin?
The primary aim of dry skin moisturizers is to restore the moisture balance in the upper layers of the skin (stratum corneum). Formulas with Urea and Sodium Lactate help to bind moisture into the stratum corneum helping to keep the skin soft, feeling plump, and hydrated.TheEucerin Advanced Repair range for dry skinincludes Urea, Ceramides and natural moisturizing factors, for a range of soothing body creams and lotions, face and hand creams and a body wash.Eucerin Advanced Repair Lotiongives very dry, rough body skin the daily care it needs.Dry skin can occur anywhere on the body but appears most frequently in the exposed areas, i.e. the hands, feet,face, knees and elbows. The Eucerin Advanced Repair range uses Urea, as well as other restorative ingredients, to address the above three areas of moisture loss in the skin to help rebalance the skin’s natural moisture levels:
Protecting dry skin against sun-exposure
To protect dry skin from sun damage, it is advisable to reduce sun exposure by wearing protective clothing and sunscreen when going outdoors. Sunscreen for dry skin should also not contain any irritating perfumes and colorants, as dry skin is prone to irritation.Eucerin Sunscreens for dry skinoffer broad spectrum SPF 50 sunscreen protection, as well as an antioxidant complex, and  help protect against UV-induced free radicals and premature aging when used as directed.
In addition to having a good skin cleansing and moisturizing routine, avoiding contributing factors that can worsen dry skin is essential for effective dry skin treatment.
The information provided herein is not intended to be medical advice. Nor is it intended to treat the underlying skin disease or condition. The information is provided solely to:
1. Moisturize, soften and smooth dry skin
2. Improve the appearance of the skin
3. Achieve healthier-looking skin
Wrinkles and fine lines are creasing that form in your skin. They are the most noticeable first signs of skin aging. Depending on your genetics and lifestyle, they appear under the eyes and mouth, and these develop into more visible furrows as the skin’s structure weakens with age.
Learn about the signs of wrinkles and fine lines, what causes them, how to reduce their appearance with theEucerin Immersive Hydration range, and how you can help prevent them.
Unlike a loss of volume, fine lines and wrinkles are easy to spot as they appear as distinct lines or creases on the face. Over time, fine lines appear all over the face and develop into deep wrinkles. Wrinkles fall into two categories:
Wrinkles and fine lines under eyes
Fine lines on the face usually appear near the eyes first. These wrinkles are known as ‘crow’s feet’ or ‘laughter lines’. This is because the layer of skin in the area around your eye, the periorbital hollow, is thinner than average and is therefore more prone to developing lines than other parts of the face.Fine lines here develop into eye wrinkles and become more pronounced over time. Wrinkles are also often most noticeable in the eye area.
Wrinkles and fine lines on the forehead
Fine lines on the face also appear on the forehead. You may notice horizontal lines and furrows between the brows. These start as ‘mimic wrinkles’ and are partly caused by facial expressions. They are particularly visible when frowning or raising your eyebrows.Those which are visible when making facial expressions but disappear after relaxing are called ‘dynamic wrinkles’. Those which are visible regardless of facial movement are known as ‘static wrinkles’.
Wrinkles and fine lines around the mouth
Deeper lines that appear and link the nose and the mouth are known as nasolabial folds. The appearance of these wrinkles can be linked to a loss of volume as they are also a sign of sagging skin.
What causes wrinkles and fine lines?
Repeated facial expressions - like squinting, frowning or smiling - contribute to wrinkles and fine lines on the face over time. Each time a facial muscle is used, a groove forms underneath the skin. These grooves eventually become permanent as the skin ages and loses its flexibility.Though facial expressions are a factor, wrinkles on the face are largely caused by aging. The substances that keep our skin smooth and firm, such as collagen, elastin and hyaluronic acid, begin to deteriorate as we get older.Some of aging’s influencing factors are natural and inevitable, but some are largely environmental and can be controlled:
Internal causes of fine lines
Young skin has a structure that is similar to building blocks, with a regular arrangement of dermal tissue and a plentiful supply of collagen. It appears even and feels firm, but from about the age of 25, a 1% annual decline in collagen levels together with an increasingly disorganized dermal tissue arrangement causes a loss of skin strength.This results in the appearance of fine lines which develop into wrinkles as the creases manifest throughout the layers of skin.Another key factor is age-induced dryness. As a result of reduced skin functions, mature skin becomes increasingly dry and may be itchy and rough, too.One reason this occurs is due to a decrease in the amount of hyaluronic acid being produced in the skin. This is a moisture-binding substance that surrounds the skin cells and gives the skin its smooth, youthful appearance. This decline causes the skin to lose its full, firm feel, and it becomes more susceptible to creasing and deep wrinkles.
External causes of fine lines
External causes of wrinkles and fine lines on the face are all due to oxidative stress. Oxidative stress releases free radicals which damage skin cell structures and contribute to the natural degradation of the skin’s collagen, elastin, and hyaluronic acid. Causes of oxidative stress include:Sun:Sun damage is the primary cause of photoaging (premature skin aging caused by the sun) and contributes to wrinkles. Prolonged and repeated sun exposure causes damage to collagen, and this results in a less elastic, weakened skin structure that wrinkles more easily.Pollution:Pollution triggers the release of free radicals and accelerates oxidative stress in the skin.Smoking:Oxidative stress is triggered by smoking. Free radicals damage the skin’s structure and contribute to the general signs of aging, including fine lines and wrinkles. In addition, the nicotine and other chemicals in cigarettes damage the collagen and elastin in the skin. This influences the skin’s elasticity and may also cause wrinkles.Diet:Certain foods, mostly fruits and vegetables, are rich in antioxidants and can help to prevent premature aging.Lack of sleep:The skin needs sleep to repair and regenerate. Poor sleep can also contribute to your day-to-day stress levels. When the body experiences stress, it produces the hormone cortisol, which negatively impacts collagen levels, further accelerating wrinkles development.
If you have noticed these early signs of aging on yourself, you may have asked yourself “how to reduce fine lines?”. Aging is a natural process and therefore all healthy skin changes over time. However, there are skin care solutions to add radiance to your skin and reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Available methods are either invasive or non-invasive, with variation in the immediacy of results.
Skincare to visibly smooth fine lines and wrinkles
Keeping the skin moisturized is key to help reduce the appearance of fine lines on the face, which can be easily achieved with an appropriate skincare routine. Use theEucerin Immersive Hydrationrange to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, for smoothing hydration that lasts all day**The entire range has been enriched with multi-weight hyaluronic acid, combining two sizes of hyaluronic acid for hydrated and noticeably smoother skin. With macro-sized molecules, it intensively hydrates the skin's surface, while with 40x smaller* micro molecules, it hydrates throughout the skin’s upper surface layers, helping to improve the look of fine lines and wrinkles.The range also includes aDaily Moisturizerformulated with Broad spectrum SPF 30 sunscreen, which hydrates the skin and improves the look of fine lines and wrinkles.
*40x smaller than macro hyaluronic acid molecules also in formula.;**for sun protection with Eucerin Immersive Hydration Daily Lotion, use as directed
Invasive wrinkle treatments
Any wrinkle treatment that involves an invasive procedure should be carried out by a dermatologist, or other healthcare professional, in a clinical environment. Invasive treatments to reduce wrinkles on the face include:
While everybody develops wrinkles on their face over time as a natural part of the aging process, there are some ways to help prevent or reduce their development:
1https://ajcn.nutrition.org/
Zinc Oxide (24%)
Does this tinted sunscreen come in different shades?
No, Eucerin Sun Sensitive Mineral Tinted Sunscreen comes in one shade that blends seamlessly into all skin tones. It dries clear, leaving a matte finish and no visible residue.
How often should I apply this sunscreen?
Apply Eucerin Sun Sensitive Mineral Tinted Sunscreen liberally about 15 minutes before exposure to the sun. You should reapply at least every 2 hours and use a water resistant sunscreen if swimming or sweating.
Is this sunscreen meant for the body as well as the face?
This sunscreen is specially formulated for the face. It is non-comedogenic so it does not clog pores and it is suitable for use under makeup. For a body sunscreen, check out Eucerin Sun Sensitive Mineral Sunscreen Lotion.
Our employees enjoy working for Beiersdorf and are proud of the Company, its values, and its brands. Their performance and commitment drive Beiersdorf's development.
We encourage this performance with challenging tasks and broad responsibilities that enable our employees to raise the bar in all fields of our business - every day, right from the start.
Our working atmosphere is a unique mix of winning spirit and team work - performance driven and friendly at the same time.
We care for both: success and people.
We manage our business sustainably and are committed to our ecological and social responsibility. Our actions are determined not only by our Company’s economic success, but also by our active approach to environmental protection and occupational safety, and by our commitment to society.
Sustainability is an ongoing process that constantly gives rise to new goals, perspectives, and measures. Above all, sustainability is a basic belief that is advanced through learning processes.
Our aim is to constantly improve – and thus make life a little better. Today and tomorrow.
California residents have the rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) to opt out of the “sale” or the “sharing” of their personal information by a company governed by CCPA.Under the CCPA, the definition of a “sale” is broad and can include the sharing of information for advertising purposes, such as receiving Beiersdorf, Inc. brand newsletters. CCPA also defines “share” as communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
Virginia residents have the rights under the Virginia Common Data Protection Act (VCDPA) to opt-out of the “sale” of their personal data, targeted advertising, certain profiling, and right to opt-out of the “processing” of their personal data for targeted advertising.
Under the VCDPA, the definition of “sale” means the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration to a third party. VCDPA also defines “processing” as any operation or set of operations performed, whether by manual or automated means, on personal data or on sets of personal data, such as the collection, use, storage, disclosure, analysis, deletion, or modification of personal data.
Beiersdorf, Inc. may participate in advertising services to deliver advertising that is tailored to your interests.Beiersdorf takes privacy very seriously. We are giving the option to opt out of any future sale or sharing of their personal information. If you would like opt out of any potential sale or sharing of your data by Beiersdorf in the future, pleaseclick here.We will need to obtain your name and email address associated with your information or account to record your request.Please click here to learn more about Beiersdorf’sPrivacy Policyand how we use your Personal Information.
LIMIT USE AND/OR DISCLOSURE OF MY SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION.
California residents the CCPA have the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information by a company governed by CCPA.
Beiersdorf may or may not collect all Sensitive Personal Information as defined under the CCPA, for full breakdown of what information is collected pleaseclick hereto view Beiersdorf’s Privacy Policy to learn more.
Please note that sensitive personal information under the CCPA does not include any publicly and lawfully available information through federal, state, or local records.
We are giving the option to limit the use or the disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information. If you would like to limit the use or the disclosure of your data by Beiersdorf in the future, pleaseclick here.We will need to obtain your name and email address associated with your information or account to record your request.
Have a comment or question to share?
Thank you for taking the time to contact Eucerin!
If you are interested in one of the below subjects, please COMPLETE the form at the bottom of the page:
If you prefer to call us, you can reach us at 1-800-227-4703, Monday to Friday, 9:30 am to 4:30 pm EST.
If you are a Wholesaler, Business, Distributor, looking to buy, sell or distribute our products or SDS Sheets inquiries, please email CustomerServiceUS@Beiersdorf.com. Please DO NOT use the form at the bottom of the page.
First name *
Last name *
Phone Number
Email *
Street *
Apartment/Suite
Zipcode*
City *
State
Product Name
Product UPC code
Expiration Date (if applicable)
Manufacturing Code (if applicable)
Subject
Upload a photo or attachment here, if desired.
Maximum file size: 50 MB..
Allowed file formats: .PNG, .JPG, .GIF, .PDF
* required fields
Beiersdorf, Inc. (“Beiersdorf”) operates this website at www.eucerinus.com as a service to Beiersdorf customers and others who are interested in Beiersdorf products and services and reside in the United States of America, its territories and possessions.
By visiting this website you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following terms and conditions:
Unless expressly permitted by Beiersdorf in writing or elsewhere on this website, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, store, cache, disseminate, display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, transfer, sell or in any way exploit the content of this website. You may not attempt to obtain lists of users or gain access to personal information of users or others from or via this website. You also may not use spiders, crawlers or similar utilities or use any automatic means to access, log-in to the website to register regarding any of its features. You may not attempt to obtain unauthorized access to computer systems, data or any services made available on or via their website or use their website or the services made available on or via it to interrupt, damage, disable, flood or impair this website, or to interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of it. You may not use this website or its services or features in violation of any third party’s intellectual property or other proprietary or legal right, or of any applicable law. You may not attempt to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt or otherwise alter or interfere with this website.
This website is intended for use only by persons located in the United States and in compliance with state and federal laws.You may not use this site from outside the United States.The materials on this site may not be appropriate for any location outside of the United States and the products, services, and information on this site apply only to the United States. Statements on sites intended for locations outside of the United States do not apply to products sold in the United States and should not be relied upon by any purchaser in the United States. For those outside of the United States, please visitwww.eucerin.comand select your location to be directed to the appropriate site.
Updates.
These terms of use may be periodically updated without notice to you. These terms of use shall apply in the form in which they shall be posted at the time that you shall visit in any instance. You are encouraged to check these terms of use regularly for updates.
Beiersdorf takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. Please refer to the Privacy Policy of this website for more information regarding data collection and use.
This website may offer certain special features, functions and activities that may be subject to terms of use, rules or policies in addition to, or in lieu of, these terms of use.  Beiersdorf may notify you of the foregoing, but it is your responsibility, before participating in any such event, to read and understand all applicable terms, rules and policies related to it.
In the event that visitors shall be permitted to post comments, testimonials and other content, for any content so posted, you grant Beiersdorf and its affiliates, a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, make, sell that content, in whole or in part, in any form, media, or technology now known or later devised or perfected. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to any such content that you may be permitted to post; that the content shall be accurate and solely created by you; and that use of that content will not cause offense, injury or damage to any person or entity. You hereby indemnify Beiersdorf and its affiliates, website designers, promotional agencies and representatives from and against all claims, damages, costs, judgments and awards resulting from, or in connection with, any content you post.
Beiersdorf may now or in the future offer users of this website the opportunity to create, build, post, upload, display, publish, distribute, transmit, or submit a product review through the website (a “Review”). Subject to the license you grant in these Terms of Use, you retain whatever legally cognizable right, title, and interest that you have in your Review and you remain ultimately responsible for them.  Except as otherwise described in this website’s posted Privacy Policy, you agree that: (a) your Review will be treated as non-confidential – regardless of whether you mark it “confidential,” “proprietary,” or the like – and will not be returned; and (b) Beiersdorf does not assume any obligation of any kind to you or any third party with respect to your Review. Upon Beiersdorf’s request, you will furnish it with any documentation necessary to substantiate any claims made by you in a Review and your rights to such content, and to verify your compliance with these terms of use.
You grant to Beiersdorf the non-exclusive, unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, and cost-free right and license to use, copy, record, distribute, reproduce, disclose, sell, re-sell, sublicense (through multiple levels), display, publicly perform, transmit, publish, broadcast, translate, make derivative works of, remove, and otherwise use and exploit in any manner whatsoever, all or any portion of your Review (and derivative works thereof), for any purpose whatsoever in all formats, on or through any means or medium now known or hereafter developed, and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed, and to advertise, market, and promote the same. Without limitation, the granted rights include the right to: (a) configure, host, index, cache, archive, store, digitize, compress, optimize, modify, reformat, edit, adapt, publish in searchable format, and remove such Review and combine the same with other materials, and (b) use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any Reviews for any purposes whatsoever, including developing, producing, and marketing products and/or services.
In order to further effect the rights and license that you grant to Beiersdorf to your Review, you also hereby grant to Beiersdorf, and agree to grant to Beiersdorf, the unconditional, perpetual, irrevocable right to use and exploit your name, persona, image, voice, and other likeness in connection with any Review, without any obligation or remuneration to you. Except as prohibited by law, you hereby waive, and you agree to waive, any moral rights (including attribution and integrity) that you may have in any Review, even if it is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.
You understand that you will not receive any fees, sums, consideration, or remuneration for any of the rights granted in this section.
By submitting a review, you acknowledge that Beiersdorf may use and reshare your review in accordance with these Terms of Use.
This website, the EUCERIN, brands and trademarks and other brands and marks of Beiersdorf and its affiliates, as well as their respective product names and trade dress are protected from unauthorized use by applicable law. You are not granted any right to use, and may not use, any of Beiersdorf’s copyrights, trademarks, patents or other intellectual property; however, you may download material from this website solely for personal, private, non-commercial use by you. No part of this website, including, without limitation, the text, designs, graphics, photographs and images contained in it, may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, re-posted, modified, transmitted, distributed or otherwise used in any way for any non-personal, public or commercial purpose without the prior written consent of Beiersdorf.
Beiersdorf attempts to be accurate in its product descriptions. However, Beiersdorf does not warrant that any product descriptions or other content on this website is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error free. The appearances of colors and other product characteristics may vary depending on the monitor you use and other technical factors. If the description of a product offered by Beiersdorf via this website is not materially accurate, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
This website is an official website of Beiersdorf for the United States of America, its territories and possessions. To help ensure quality control, Beiersdorf products are sold at retail exclusively by authorized retailers. A number of our authorized retailers also maintain websites that are authorized to sell Beiersdorf products. This website may contain links to websites maintained by certain authorized retailers. If you obtain Beiersdorf products from any source other than from an authorized retailer, you do so at your own risk, and any Beiersdorf product guarantee may be void to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Beiersdorf welcomes your suggestions, ideas and other submissions about the website, its content and our products. If you believe that you have a proprietary right to any such information or you want to assert any proprietary right in it, without use by Beiersdorf, please do not submit it to this website or show it to Beiersdorf by any other means. If you want to send Beiersdorf any such material, you represent and warrant that it is original to you, that no other party has any rights to it, and that any “moral rights” in that material have been waived. You grant Beiersdorf and its affiliates a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, make, sell and what you have sent, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology now known or later devised or perfected.
Use of this website is intended solely for informational purposes. This website is not intended to provide medical information or advice. If you believe that you have a medical condition or medical need that relates to, or could be affected by, the use of any Beiersdorf product or service, consult your health-care provider prior
Beiersdorf uses reasonable efforts to include only accurate and up-to-date information on this website; however, Beiersdorf makes no representations or warranties about any information provided by or through this website by Beiersdorf or any other party and assumes no liability for any errors or omissions.Beiersdorf reserves the right to change the information included in, and content of, this website, including these terms of use, without prior notice.
This website may contain hyperlinks or references to websites from other providers which Beiersdorf has no control and to which these Terms do not extend (“Linked Sites”). These links are provided merely as a convenience. Beiersdorf is not aware of the content of third-party websites and assumes no warranty or liability for any illegal content or other legal infringements on third-party websites. Every care was taken in the compilation and validation of the information contained on this website. Nevertheless, Beiersdorf cannot assume any responsibility for its topicality, accuracy, completeness and/or quality.
Beiersdorf has no responsibility for the content, products, services, advertising, code or other materials that you may access via any Linked Sites. Links to Linked Sites do not constitute an endorsement or sponsorship by Beiersdorf or its affiliates of whatever you may find on Linked Sites or via their use, access or perception. If you visit any Linked Site, you may be subject to the terms of use, privacy policies and other use documentation of those Linked Sites. The use of Linked Sites may be subject to laws and regulations inapplicable to this website in whole or part. You should investigate thoroughly the legal documentation posted on any Linked Sites prior to use of it.
If you wish to link from any other website to this website, you must first obtain our prior written consent, which may subsequently be withdrawn by Beiersdorf at any time and for any reason. Your link must open in a new browser window or tab and link to the full version of the website. You are not permitted to use any linking method by which content on this website may be displaced on another website (a practice sometimes referred to as “in-line” linking). You may not link from any other website to this website in any manner such that this website, or any page of it, is “framed,” by any third-party material. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing any Beiersdorf trademark or other intellectual property without the express written consent of Beiersdorf. Any unauthorized
BEIERSDORF AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, ANY LINKED SITE OR OTHER WEBSITE ACCESSED THROUGH IT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THIS WEBSITE IS MADE AVAILABLE “AS IS,” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BEIERSDORF DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITES OR OTHER WEBSITES ACCESSED THROUGH IT ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR FEATURES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS THEREFORE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the State of Connecticut, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms of use and any dispute of any kind that might arise between you and Beiersdorf related to them and your use of this website, including, without limitation, product purchases. Unless prohibited by applicable law, any such dispute shall only be adjudicated in any state or federal court in Fairfield County, Connecticut, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in those courts.
Consumer Relations
Beiersdorf Inc301 Tresser BlvdStamford, CT 06901Tel: 1-800-227-4703Email:consumerrelations@bdfusa.com1-800-227-4703Monday - Friday, 9:30AM - 4:30PM ETLast Updated: July 2022
You should carefully review this privacy policy before using this website.  By using this website or taking advantage of any service accessed through this website, you signify your assent to this privacy policy.If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use this website or our services accessed through it.
Beiersdorf, Inc. (“Beiersdorf”) respects the privacy of its users and recognizes the importance of providing a secure environment for them.  Beiersdorf knows that you care how information about you is used and shared.  This privacy policy describes how Beiersdorf collects, stores, and uses the information you provide on this website.  You should carefully review this privacy policy before using this website or services provided through this website.  This privacy policy applies only to information collected through this website and not to any information collected from us or through us offline. This privacy policy complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”).  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that, when you link to other websites from this website, this privacy policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities on, those other sites.  Please check those websites for their own privacy policies.
This privacy policy may change from time to time, so please review these terms periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes.  Your continued use of this website will signify your acceptance of any changes.
When you are asked for information while on this website, you are sharing that information with Beiersdorf, its parent, and its various affiliates and sister companies, unless specifically stated otherwise.  As a result of that sharing, you may receive communications from any of those Beiersdorf affiliates.  In addition, some services offered by Beiersdorf through this website are provided in conjunction with third parties with which Beiersdorf has a business relationship.  If your Personal Information is being collected by a company other than Beiersdorf, you will be so notified at the time that the process for the collection of that Personal Information is initiated. If you do not want to have your Personal Information so shared, please do not elect to use the service or facility for which that Personal Information is collected.
Beiersdorf collects information from you when you register on this website, respond to a survey or to a communication such as an email, or use other services on this website. Those other services may include, for example, the creation of a profile page, participation in forums or the provision of facilities to permit you to post media content such as images and text. Beiersdorf stores that information or may use third parties under contract.
Specifically, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
C. Sensitive Personal Information as defined by the CCPA
Includes, government issues identification number, financial information, geolocation, racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, union membership, health and sexual orientation. Some sensitive personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
D. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
E. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
F. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, biological, behavioral characteristics, including DNA that can be used on its own or in combination with each other, or other identifying data, to establish an individual’s identity.  Also includes faceprint, voiceprint, keystroke patters or rhythms, gait patters or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
G. Internet or other similar network activity.
Including, but not limited to browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
H.Geolocation data.
Physical location
I. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
J. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history
K. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
L. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Beiersdorf obtains the above categories of personal information from the following sources:
Beiersdorf uses certain technologies described in Section 7 below to collect non-identifiable information about you.
Beiersdorf has taken reasonable steps to provide that all Personal Information collected through this website will remain secure. In addition, Beiersdorf will take reasonable steps to require that any third parties that may be receiving transfers of Personal Information will provide sufficient protection of that information.
You can help Beiersdorf to protect your Personal Information by: (i) using a secure web browser; (ii) not sharing any password or log-in data with others; and (iii) changing your password frequently.
(A)Use.
The Personal Information you provide allows Beiersdorf to do the following:
Beiersdorf does not sell, rent, license, trade or exchange Personal Information with or to any third parties, except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
Beiersdorf may share your Personal Information among its affiliates worldwide.  They may use your Personal Information to offer products and services to you consistent with the purposes identified in this privacy policy.   Beiersdorf may use your Personal Information for internal marketing, profiling or demographic purposes, so as to adapt products and services to better to suit your anticipated needs.
(B)Retention.
Beiersdorf does not retain personal information for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable law. We have implemented appropriate measures to ensure that personal information is securely disposed of when no longer needed.
Beiersdorf may need to disclose items of your Personal Information to third-party vendors to fulfill product orders or prizes, to process mailings, or to process, analyze, or store data on Beiersdorf’s behalf.  The categories of third parties we disclose your Personal Information to are:
Those third parties are not authorized by Beiersdorf to use or disclose your Personal Information for any purpose other than for use in connection with the provision of services designated by us or the delivery and processing of orders for goods.   Beiersdorf will take reasonable measures to have those third parties maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the Personal Information they obtain from it.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of persona information for business purposes:
Beiersdorf reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information as required or permitted by law.  This includes, but is not limited to, a response to a subpoena, court order or other legal process, or in special cases when  there is reason to believe that disclosing Personal Information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against you if Beiersdorf believes that you may be violating your agreements with it  (including, without limitation, any applicable terms of use), or may be causing injury to, or interference with, Beiersdorf, any other user of this website or any service, the general public or other third parties. You may be asked whether you wish to receive information from third parties; upon your consent, Beiersdorf or those third parties may use your Personal Information to contact you. However, Beiersdorf cannot control the activities of third parties to whom it provides data. Beiersdorf cannot guarantee that they will adhere to similar privacy and security procedures.
The Personal Information you provide to Beiersdorf may be transferred as an asset in connection a merger or sale involving all or part of Beiersdorf or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change of control. As part of its business operations, Beiersdorf may transfer Personal Information to recipients in countries that do not provide the same level of legal data protection as the country from which you access our website or services.  By using the EUCERIN website or services, you consent to the transfer of Personal Information and to the processing by Beiersdorf of that Personal Information.
This provision applies only to information collected about consumers in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Montana, Oregon, Utah and Virginia. It provides additional information specific to individual rights granted under each respective state law(s)., collectively referred to as ‘US State Specific Privacy Laws’:
The below describes your rights and how you can exercise them, as well as Beiersdorf’s responsibility in providing you a response.
Right to Access
You have the right to request that we disclose how we collect and use your personal information.  After we receive and verify your request, we will disclose:
Right to Correct
You have the right to request the correction of your Personal Information that Beiersdorf has collected. After we receive and verify your request, Beiersdorf will rectify, correct, update, and/or modify any Personal Information that is inaccurate as directed by the verified consumer. If Beiersdorf is unable to verify your request, your request may be denied.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Information that Beiersdorf has collected.  This right, however, does not apply if Beiersdorf has a business need to retain your Personal Information to perform any of the following actions:
Data Portability and Beiersdorf Response
Upon receiving your request to access and verifying your request, Beiersdorf will do our best to provide the necessary information collected in the immediately preceding 12 months to you within 45 days of Beiersdorf’s receipt of such request.
If we require additional time (up to 90 days), Beiersdorf will inform you the extension and the reason for such extension in writing.
We will deliver the necessary information to you either by mail or electronically.
If Beiersdorf is unable to respond to your request, we will provide a reason as to why we cannot comply with your request.
Non-Discrimination
Beiersdorf will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.  We will not:
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, Correction, and Deletion Rights
To exercise your rights to access, data portability, correction, and deletion rights described directly above, please submit a consumer request that can be verifiable to Beiersdorf by:
Call:     1-800-227-4703
Email:  ConsumerCareUSA@beiersdorf.com
Mail:    Consumer Care
Beiersdorf, Inc.
301 Tresser Blvd, 15th Fl.
Stamford, CT 06901
A verifiable consumer request must consist of:
Only you, or a representative registered with the Secretary of State of any of the above listed US State Specific Privacy Laws that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information.  You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability two times within a twelve month period.
Beiersdorf cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make such request regarding Personal Information as it relates to you.
Any Personal Information we may collect to verify a consumer request will only be used to verify the requesting party’s identity or authority to make such request.
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
This website is designed by Beiersdorf and intended to be considered as a general audience website and is not intended for use by children.  We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information about visitors under 18 years of age.
(A)Data Privacy Statement for Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your anonymized IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You can prevent Google from detecting a cookie that is generated because of and related to your usage of this website (including your IP address) as well as processing of these data by downloading and installing this browserplugin:http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
(B)Google Display & Video 360 (Floodlights / DV360).
This website uses DV360's Floodlight Tag to measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, to limit the frequency with which you are shown a particular ad, and to display only ads that are relevant to you and your interests. In particular, information about the ads you click on, as well as your previous user behavior on third party websites, is collected and stored. Google uses a cookie ID to record which ads are displayed in which browser and can thus prevent them from being displayed more than once. In addition, Google can use cookie IDs to record so-called conversions that are related to ad requests. This is the case, for example, when a user sees a Google ad and later calls up our website with the same browser and buys something there. The cookies do not contain any personal information such as email addresses, names or addresses.  Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Google's server. Through the integration of the floodlight tag, Google receives the information that you have called up the corresponding part of our website or clicked on an advertisement from us.   In addition, the Floodlight Tags used allow us to understand whether you perform certain actions on our website after you have called up one of our display/video ads on another platform or clicked on it (conversion tracking). Google uses this cookie to understand the content you have interacted with on our websites in order to later send you targeted advertising.
(C)Google Campaign Manager.
This website also uses the online marketing tool Campaign Manager by Google. Campaign Manager uses Cookies to display ads relevant to users, improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads more than once. Google uses a cookie ID to track which ads are displayed in which browser and to prevent them from being displayed more than once. In addition, Campaign Manager may use cookie IDs to collect conversions related to ad requests. This is the case, for example, when a user sees a Campaign Manager ad and later visits the advertiser's website with the same browser and buys something there.
Your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server once visiting our website. We have no influence on the extent and the further use of the data collected by Google through the use of this tool and therefore inform you according to our level of knowledge: By integrating Campaign Manager, Google receives the information that you have called the corresponding part of our Internet presence or clicked on an advertisement from us. If you are registered with a Google service, Google may associate your visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, it is possible that the providers may obtain and store your IP address.
In addition to that, Campaign Manager (e.g. DoubleClick Floodlight) cookies allow us to understand whether you complete certain actions on our website(s) after viewing one of our display/video ads on Google or other platforms through Campaign Manager or clicking through one (conversion tracking). Campaign Manager uses this cookie to understand the content with which you have interacted on our website(s) in order to be able to send you targeted advertising later.
(D)Deletion/Withdrawal for Google Marketing Platform.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process in various ways: a) by setting your browser software accordingly (in particular by suppressing third-party cookies, you will not receive any ads from third-party providers); b) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are part of the “About Ads” self-regulation campaign via the link http://www.aboutads.info/choices .This setting is deleted when you delete your cookies; c) by permanently deactivating Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome in your browsers under the link http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin , d) by setting your cookie preferences accordingly.
(A) This website uses the Evergage (Salesforce Interaction Studio) tool for personalization. It allows us to display personalized content based on website actions (e.g. click, viewing time, entering a search term) and to better understand the needs of our website visitors.
We transfer also the collected data to the relevant internal departments for processing and to other affiliated companies within the Beiersdorf Group or to external service providers, contract processors (e.g. platform-, hosting, support and analysis service providers) in accordance with the required purposes (for website analysis). Main service provider is salesforce.com. As an appropriate safeguard we have entered into an agreement with this service provider per CCPA requirements.
(B) Withdrawal/Deletion:
You can disable Evergage via the cookie settingshere.
This website uses the online marketing tool The Trade Desk / TradeDesk ("TTD"). TTD uses cookies to serve ads that are relevant to users, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads multiple times.Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with TTD's server. Through the integration of the TTD cookie, TTD receives the information that you have accessed the relevant part of our website or clicked on an advertisement from us.In addition, the TTD cookies used enable us to understand whether you perform certain actions on our website after you have accessed or clicked on one of our display/video ads on another platform via TTD (conversion tracking). TTD uses this cookie to understand the content you have interacted with on our websites in order to be able to send you targeted advertising later.Cookie/Tools: Type C. More information can be found in the cookie settingshere.
This privacy policy was last updated April 2025.
