Discover your Garnier hair care routine tailored to your hair needs.
Try on over 100 Garnier hair shades in just a few clicks.
Take a short quiz to discover the perfect hair shades for you.
Discover the perfect Garnier micellar cleansing water for you.
Get ultra glassy sleek hair that lasts up to 5 washes! This heat activated serum provides high shine with water resistance and humidity protection to keep hair frizz free for long lasting smoothness.
SHOP NOW
Pour, Press Proof! These gentle no-rinse cleansers remove makeup and lifts oil and impurities without harsh rubbing.
Get up to 4 weeks of coverage with Color Retouch, our new easy to use, no ammonia hair color. Now available for less than $5.
Website Links
©2025 Garnier LLC
Customer Service
Follow Us
register to our newsletter
Be the first to know about brand new products, trending looks, expert advice, exclusive offers and more.
This site is intended for US consumers. Cookies and related technology are used for advertising. To learn more or opt-out, visitAdChoicesand ourprivacy policy
Gently cleanse + remove makeup all in 1 step. Find the perfect micellar for your skin type and concern.
Vegan and cruelty-free, approved by Cruelty Free International under the Leaping Bunny programLift oil and impuritiesCleanses skin gentlyRemoves makeup without harsh rubbingNo oil, no alcohol, no fragranceFor all skin types, even sensitive ones*based on Nielsen sales data, units sold. Full Year 2024.
*based on Nielsen sales data, units sold. Full Year 2024.
For all skin types, even the most sensitive and delicate.
Clean skin and remove makeup while brightening your skin in one step.
Cleanses, removes makeup, mattifies skin all day, and minimizes pores.
Visibly replump and hydrate skin. For all skin types, even sensitive.
Effortlessly break down stubborn waterproof and long-wear makeup.
$9.99MSRP
Where to buy
Part of theFructis Sleek & Shine system, the heat-activated Garnier Sleek & Stay serum delivers up to 5 washes of frizz control and high shine*! It provides heat protection up to 450°F and is infused with alpha-silanes for long-lasting smoothness.This leave-in serum is a smoothing hair treatment formulated without parabens, phthalates, or DMDM Hydantoin. Like all Garnier products, it is approved by Cruelty Free International under the Leaping Bunny Program.*when used in the shampoo, conditioner, and Sleek & Stay system
Before use, shake Garnier Sleek & Stay well. After washing withSleek & Shine ShampooandConditioner, apply this hair smoothing serum to damp hair. Distribute evenly after each pump. Do not rinse. Blow-dry hair completely, then use a flat iron to seal in sleekness and lock in style.
DIMETHICONE, BIS-(MORPHOLINOMETHYL C1-4 DIALKOXYSILOXY) DIMETHICONE, BIS-CETEARYL AMODIMETHICONE, PARFUM / FRAGRANCE
Heat-activated protective serum.Up to 5 washes of anti-frizz power.Heat protection up to 450°F.Long-lasting shine and sleekness.
Sleek & Stay Serum is infused with alpha-silane for long-lasting sleek and scientifically tested to control frizz with a patented water-resistant technology.
Check out the rest of the Sleek & Shine hair care and styling collection to complete your regimen.
Discover your personalized Garnier hair care regimen.
Rescue hair roots and refresh lengths in just 10 minutes with up to 100% gray coverage. Achieve a flawless hair color that’s a perfect 10!
Virtually try on Garnier hair colors to discover your perfect shade.
Have fun trying on over 100 Garnier hair shades! Your next hair color is just a few clicks away.
TRY ON SHADES NOW
Take our short quiz to get the perfect Garnier hair shades for you!
Take our quiz to discover the perfect Garnier hair shades for you!
Trying a new hair shade has never been easier. Have fun changing your hair color with our virtual try-on tool!
The Garnier Micellar Water Quiz helps you find the best micellar water for your skin care routine based on your type of skin and what it needs most. In addition to considering these unique characteristics, it also determines which micellar water is right for removing any makeup you may wear. In just a few clicks, you’ll know exactly which micellar you need and how to make it an essential part of your morning and night rituals.
Garnier SkinActive Micellar Cleansing Water is formulated with ingredients that meet specific skin needs, so knowing your skin type is essential for choosing the right one. Your personal skin care needs are based on the five common skin types: oily, dry, combination, normal, and sensitive. By accurately selecting your skin type, the Micellar Water Quiz can give you the best recommendations.
The ingredients in our micellar water formulas also address the various skin concerns of each skin type, for example, acne, dryness, sensitivity, and dullness. Depending on your top skin concern, they help restore it to health and balance by removing excess oil, relieving irritation or providing extra hydration. The right micellar water for your skin acts as a complement to your current skin care routine.
Micellar water has the power to gently remove different kinds of makeup, such as light or heavy foundation and waterproof eye makeup. The Micellar Water Quiz can determine if makeup wearers need a more potent or dual-phase cleansing water, or a more basic formula. Your best micellar water match depends on knowing if you always, sometimes or never wear makeup.
It’s time to see the results of your Micellar Water Quiz with customized recommendations for your morning and evening routines. If you enter your email address, we’ll immediately send you the full results with a link to each product that you can save for reference. Or you can opt to reveal which micellar water is best for you directly on this website.
What is micellar water?Micellar water is a gentle skin cleanser that removes makeup and leaves skin feeling hydrated and refreshed. It looks like water, but as soon as it touches your skin you know there's a little magic at work. Learn more about micellar water by reading ourUltimate Guide to Micellar Water.What are the benefits of micellar water?Micellar water has many benefits, including gentle yet thorough rinse-free cleansing; no harsh ingredients that may strip or irritate the skin; and multiple formulas for all skin types and needs.What are the ingredients in micellar water?Micellar cleansing water is purified demineralized water with gentle surfactants (cleansers) and micelles suspended in it. Micelles effectively soak up dirt, oil, and makeup like a sponge; they trap and dissolve these impurities, making it easy to just wipe them away, no actual water or rinsing required.How do I choose a good micellar water?To choose a good micellar water, you must consider three factors:• Skin type• Main skin concerns like hydration, oil control or sensitivity• Makeup removalGarnier Micellar Cleansing Water also includes targeted ingredients, so it’s important to look for ones that offer solutions like hydrating dry skin (glycerin) or mattifying oily skin (salicylic acid). There are also fragrance-free options that won’t irritate sensitive skin.What skin type is micellar water best for?Micellar cleansing water is a versatile cleanser for all types of skin, but each formula is optimized for their specific needs:•Oily skin: Removes excess oil without stripping away the skin’s natural moisture•Dry skin: Gently cleanses while adding and maintaining balanced hydration•Sensitive skin: Soothes irritation with mild fragrance-free formulas•Combination skin: Balances oil on the T-zone while providing all-over hydrationOne of the best ways to personalize your skin care routine is to factor in your personal skin type and specific concerns. The same considerations go into choosing the best micellar water.
TAKE THE QUIZ
Once you understand the benefits of micellar water – what it is, how to use it, and where has this been all my life? – you immediately understand why this French skincare secret has gone mainstream. It cleanses. It removes makeup. It balances and refreshes. You can use it on the fly. And there is *no* rinsing, rubbing, or residue. Clearly a winning combo.We’ve pulled together everything you need to know about micellar water, with product recommendations and micellar hacks that will transform your skincare routine.
Micellar water is a gentle skin cleanser that removes makeup and leaves skin feeling hydrated and refreshed. It looks like water, but as soon as it touches your skin you know there’s a little magic at work.
Micellar has many benefits to skin, including:- Gentle yet thorough cleansing- No rinsing required- Balanced, hydrated skin- Suitable for all skin types
You might expect a long, complicated ingredients list for an overachiever like micellar water, but it’s refreshingly simple. Micellar cleansing water is just purified, demineralized water with gentle surfactants (cleansers) and micelles suspended in it.
Most people know how to use micellar water the traditional way: soak a cotton pad, press it against your face, then lift away to remove impurities and makeup. This is the way it’s been done in France for ages, and what’s not to love? It’s easy, efficient, and leaves your skin feeling fresh and clean.But if you’re ready for the next level, check out these ideas for how to use micellar water in your skin care routine, plus finding the right micellar for your skin type and needs.
Tried and true, this is the OG way to use micellar water. Soak a pad withSkinActive Micellar Cleansing Water All-in-1, then press and lift to reveal a clean face.
Micellar water makes it easy to take your makeup off, saving you from harsh rubbing, greasy residue, and rinsing. Pre-soakedSkinActive Micellar Eye Makeup Remover Padsmake it even easier.
By gently cleansing and not stripping skin, micellar water can help balance oil production and avoid breakouts. Stay in the clear with a shine-control formula likeSkinActive Mattifying Micellar Cleansing Water.
Micellar water works without harsh cleansers or alcohol, which means you can enjoy squeaky-clean skin without overdrying or irritation.SkinActive Water Rose Hydrating Micellar Cleansing Watersmells lovely and can be used on even the most sensitive skin.
A targeted formula likeSkinActive Micellar Cleansing Water With Hyaluronic Acid + Aloehas all the micellar water benefits you love while making skin look replumped.
Wondering how to use micellar water without cotton pads?Reusable microfiber padswork just as well, with zero waste. Stock up, then wash in a batch when soiled.
Between hot styling, coloring, blow drying and exposure to the elements, your hair goes through a lot of stress that can cause serious damage. Thank goodness the hair fairies invented hair mask treatments to help your locks weather every storm. Here are all the details on what hair masks are, how to use a hair mask, and why they’re so amazing. We can hear your hair cheering already!
Stronger locks that resist hair breakageNourishment that penetrates inside the hair shaftTargeted ingredients that address specific hair concernsLasting hydrationthat only hair masks can provideRestorative actions that bring hair back to lifeHealthier hair that has extra shine and a softer textureHeavenly scents that add aromatherapy to your self-care ritual
Black, the deepest hair color shade, is also the most striking. It may seem like a simple shade, but there’s a whole rainbow of black hair color shades, meaning you can personalize your black hair color. The subtleties between different black hair shades—from natural-looking blacks to icy blacks to reflective blue blacks—make dyeing your hair black even more exciting. Ahead, learn about the choices for at-home black hair color.
If you prefer a natural look, soft black, the almost-black shade, is the black hair color shade for you. This color sits right on the edge of the brown-black spectrum and works particularly well for warm and dark skin tones. Complement the look with natural makeup shades, like subtle pinks and rich nudes. To achieve this shade, considerGarnier Nutrisse Nourishing Color Creme in Soft Black 20 (Black Tea).
For a deep hair color hue that still looks like it could be your natural color, opt for a natural black shade. This shade family often includes subtle reflects that allow your natural beauty to shine through. It's a particularly striking choice for those with fair, cool skin tones and light eyes. To achieve this look, considerGarnier Nutrisse Ultra Crème 10 - Black.
For the ultimate in dramatic hair color, embrace the edgy intensity of jet black. This is the deepest black imaginable, guaranteed to make a statement. It's a striking choice for those with pale to fair complexions, creating a bold contrast. Complement this shade with a classic cat eye and a vibrant red lip for a timeless, glamorous look. Accessorize with silver jewelry to enhance the cool undertones or add a touch of warmth with gold. To achieve this rich, dark hue, tryGarnier Olia 1.0 - Black.
For a touch of warmth and depth, opt for a rich brown-black shade. This color sits at the intersection of brown and black, offering a subtle yet noticeable shift in tone depending on the light. It's a flattering and versatile choice for natural brunettes looking to deepen their color. Complement this shade with shimmering bronzer and gold jewelry for a touch of glamour. Try this at home hair color:Garnier Olia 3.0 - Darkest Brown.
For a dramatic and eye-catching look, consider a reflective blue black hair color. These shades feature ultra-reflective blue tones that add a striking dimension to your hair. In certain light, the color shifts beautifully from black to a deep, rich blue. This shade works best with cool skin tones and pairs especially well with creamy pink blush or a pop of pink lipstick. To achieve this vibrant look, tryGarnier Nutrisse Ultra Color BL21 - Reflective Blue Black.
