Enjoy complimentary gift wrap & samples with every order.
A lightweight, multi-faceted oil to nourish skinfor a youthful glow.
IT ALL BEGINSWITH THE SEA
La Mer’s founder Dr. Max Huber worked tirelessly to unlock the legendary healing energies of the sea through careful fermentation and intricate sonochemistry.
GIANTSEA KELP
With peak growth rates of up to 2 to 3 feet a day, Macrocystis pyrifera is one of nature’s most elegant designs with the ability to store the sun’s energy and the sea’s nutrients. Its self-regenerating properties make it one of the fastest growing forms of life found on Earth, making it the perfect beginning to our cell-renewing Miracle Broth.
ONE PLACEIN THE WORLD
In pristine waters off the Pacific Coast, ocean currents infused with nutrient-rich natural flora create the optimal environment for Giant Sea Kelp to thrive in. These magnificent fronds grow to their healthiest potential before we sustainably collect just the top portions of the kelp.
PATIENT HARVEST
Max Huber believed that there were particularly beneficial times to collect kelp, based on the moon’s cycles and the ebb and flow of ocean tides, yielding a more nutrient-rich harvest. Today, we rely on the knowledge of seasoned kelp experts to sustainably hand-harvest fronds just at the sea’s surface.
INNOVATING OUR CRAFT TODAY
Today we bring Max’s original craft to every ingredient that goes into La Mer. Through the art of fermentation, we transform individual ingredients into micronutrients that the skin can more readily recognize and receive. Discover a selection of our most potent sea-inspired ferments.
THE REVITALIZING FERMENT
This potent ferment is derived from a remarkable infusion of marine algae and a special spray-dried sea water with a composition of 73 sea minerals to help replenish and rejuvenate skin. Originally crafted forThe Treatment Lotion.
THE STABILIZING FERMENT
Born of a stress-exposed marine powerhouse, The Stabilizing Ferment helps visibly soothe and stabilize fragile, irritated skin, bringing it back to its center of power. Originally crafted forThe Concentrate.
THE CLARITY FERMENT
Infused intoThe Eye Concentrateand formulat-ed with soothing Recovery Kelp sourced from the pure waters of South Korea’s Jeju Island, this ferment helps restore visible balance for a stronger, revitalized look.
NEXT
OUR COMMITMENTTO OCEANCONSERVATION
BE FIRST
© La Mer Technology, Inc.
OUR STORYSEA TO SKIN
At the heart of La Meris a spirit of endless renewal.
IT ALL BEGANWITH A QUESTFOR RENEWAL
Our story begins with Dr. Max Huber, who suffered burns in a lab accident and was inspired to create his own destiny. Aerospace physicist by day, stargazer and dreamer by night, he hoped to unlock the legendary healing powers of the sea he held so dear.
6,000 EXPERIMENTS AND 12 YEARS OF SEARCHING
THEMAKINGOF MIRACLEBROTH™
6,000 experiments and 12 years of searching led to the epiphany of a lifetime – a fermentation process that transformed sea kelp and other pure ingredients into Miracle Broth™. This cell-renewing elixir would finally transform the look of Dr. Huber’s skin.Through recent clinical testing, we’ve proven that Dr. Huber’s Miracle Broth acts as a potent anti-irritant that keeps skin in a state of age-fighting calm. This power to soothe is just one way La Mer unlocks skin’s most radiant potential.
YOUR LA MER ESSENTIALS
Experience your own story of transformation with La Mer's most loved treatment regimen.
NextWhat's inside Miracle Broth?
The Visible
YOUTH-REGENERATINGELIXIR
Discover Miracle Broth™
THE POWER OF MIRACLE BROTH
RAPIDRESOLUTION™
Miracle Broth can interrupt the chain reaction of skin irritation caused by environmental stressors. By soothing chronic signs of sensitivities, we diminish a root cause of premature visible signs of aging.
BARRIERSTRENGTH
Miracle Broth helps skin create a more irritation-resistant skin barrier and balanced appearance.
CELLULARRECHARGE
Energy is essential to regenerating a youthful look. Miracle Broth boosts skin’s natural energy, igniting active repair for a newly rejuvenated appearance.
WHAT’S INSIDEOUR LIVING ELIXIR
Crafted with a blend of sustainably harvested Giant Sea Kelp, vitamins, minerals and other nutrients, Miracle Broth undergoes 3 to 4 months of fermentation and exposure to light and sound waves, unlocking the renewing power that makes La Mer’s benefits so unmistakable.
A formula known by only a few scientists, passed down over time, each new generation of Miracle Broth is infused with drops of the one that came before, creating a timeless link to our original.
FOURPHENOMENALFORMS
Through pored-over innovations and the occasional stroke of serendipity, we have developed four forms of our original Miracle Broth. Each one utilizes a distinct way of delivering its cell-renewing benefits.
OUR ORIGINALMIRACLE BROTH
Our original powerhouse ferment energizes skin’s natural renewal and delivers intensive soothing to help reduce the look of irritation and help skin maintain a state of age-fighting calm. At the heart of every La Mer product today, Miracle Broth is as essential to Crème de la Mer as the sea itself.
CRYSTALMIRACLE BROTH
Inspired by the chance discovery of crystals forming in a beaker of Miracle Broth, this extraordinarily pure, slow-crafted ferment infuses every Genaissance de la Mer treatment with the legendary healing energies of the sea, helping accelerate visible renewal as never before.
CONCENTRATEDMIRACLE BROTH
Using a unique cold-vacuum process over the course of three days and three nights following Max Huber’s 3- to 4-month fermentation process, this potent elixir helps create a concentrated source of soothing to calm the look of redness and other signs of irritation. Originally crafted for The Concentrate.
ENCAPSULATEDMIRACLE BROTH
Designed for time-release delivery, Encapsulated Miracle Broth gently extends benefits to more delicate areas, such as the eyes, achieving the optimal degrees of potency and efficacy in The Eye Concentrate.
La MerSkincareScienceSummit
At the world's leading conference for dermatology in Singapore, three esteemed doctors shared scientific evidence of Miracle Broth™ potency.
“Miracle BrothImproves SkinBarrier andSoothes VisibleIrritation.”
Dr. Jaime Emmetsberger, PhD,La Mer's Max Huber Research Labs Lead ScientistPresenting the effect of Macrocystis pyrifera ferment	on skin barrier, anti-irritation and anti-aging
“CreamsContainingMiracle BrothAre HighlyEffectiveSkincareTreatmentsFor VisibleFacialRejuvenation.”
Dr. Michael Gold, MD,Dermatologist and Founder of Gold Skin Care CenterReviewing research on the effects of Miracle Broth alone and	in Crème de la Mer and The NEW Moisturizing Soft Cream
“Two IconicLa MerMoisturizersEnrich SkinFrom DeepWithin TheSurface ForA HealthierMore YouthfulLook.”
Dr. Rocio Rivera, PhD,SVP of La Mer Global Product DevelopmentRevealing the fyll-formula benefits of Crème de la Mer	and The NEW Moisturizing Soft Cream
OUR CRAFT
INFLAMMATION’SIMPACT
Wondering what inflammation has to do with the look of skin aging? More than you might think.When exposed to daily aggressors, skin can become reactive. If left unaddressed, this long-terminflammation can cause premature signs of aging to appear in multiple ways.
COMMON CULPRITS
Certain inflammation-inducing stressors can impact skin on a daily basis. UV rays, pollution, free radicals and micro-dust are all known to contribute to harmful reactivity when skin is left vulnerable and untreated.
EFFECTS ON SKIN
INCREASED SENSITIVITY
Chronically inflamed skin can look red, irritated and even flaky with increased dryness, compromising skin’s barrier that normally keeps us protected and balanced.
UNEVEN TONE
Skin can become overstimulated when inflamed over the long term, eventually leading to the appearance of spots and discoloration.
WEAKENED STRUCTURE
Long-term inflammation can cause damage to proteins, such as collagen and elastin, that are essential to maintaining skin’s youthful look. As a result, skin can begin to sag, lose shape and take on the appearance of lines and wrinkles.
INFLAMMATION AT NIGHT
A root cause of aging, environmental inflammation continues to impact skin after sundown. At night, while skin’s temperature rises, there is also a dramatic rise in inflammation and moisture loss, which can contribute to premature visible aging. This surge in inflammatory markers impacts everyone, not just those exposed to environmental stressors during the day.
DR. KENJIKABASHIMA
“Chronic inflammation can cause degradation of collagen and elastic fibers which induces wrinkles and sagging of the skin.”– Dr. Kenji Kabashima, MD, PhD & La Mer Advisor
CONTINUE THECONVERSATION
Get in touch and learn more about skincare challenges and how we can help. Our La Mer Experts are ready to live chat with you.
LA MER BLUE HEART
The ocean is our most abundant resource. It’s the life support system of the planet and host to one of nature’s most prolific marine plants: Giant Sea Kelp. Its self-regenerative power inspires our every skin-soothing treatment, and its crucial role in helping capture carbon dioxide and mitigate coastal erosion makes it a vital ally in the fight against climate change. As a brand born from the power of this incredible sea plant, it’s our mission to help it thrive by supporting kelp restoration projects, educating the world on kelp’s crucial role in helping regulate the climate, and using our voice to inspire positive action.
THE SEA SPEAKS.LET’S LISTENAND ACT.
Every La Mer story starts with the sea. From whispers of mist to the roaring of waves, we’re all familiar with its sights and sounds. But tune in a little closer and you’ll hear something more: a rallying cry for community, and a call for conservation. Through our La Mer Blue Heart Oceans Fund, we’re committed to listening to the ocean’s most pressing needs and helping answer the call with action.
Today, over 95% of La Mer’s Sea Plants are responsibly sourced.*
*Respectfully harvested with strict protocols for critical marine ecosystems & biodiversity. Inclusive of Sea Kelp, Marine & Seaside Plants & Seaborn Ferments, by volume purchased in FY24.
PURE POTENCY,RESPONSIBLYSOURCED
When harvesting the Giant Sea Kelp used to create our cell-renewing Miracle Broth™, we only remove the uppermost portion of the kelp forest canopy. This allows sunlight to penetrate into the depths, igniting self-regeneration through photosynthesis and helping these robust ecosystems to thrive.
LA MERBLUE HEARTOCEANS FUND
We launched this fund to further our La Mer Blue Heart initiative by helping support the efforts of ocean conservation organizations around the world.
RESTORATIVEOCEAN FARMING
Our support for GreenWave
GreenWave scales the regenerative ocean farming model across North America by partnering with fishermen, Indigenous groups and other under-resourced coastal communities directly affected by climate change. With a grant, we’re supporting their goal to plant one million acres of regenerative crops over the next decade.
YOUTHEMPOWERMENT
Our support for EarthEcho International
EarthEcho’s OceanEcho 30X30 initiative aims to build a global youth movement to protect 30% of our ocean by 2030. Key regions of focus have included Argentina, Canada, Indonesia, Jamaica, Kenya, Malaysia, Philippines, Spain, and the US.
LA MERBLUE HEARTAMBASSADORS
We partner with leading conservationists and scientists to educate and empower the next generation of ocean advocates—and inspire action in support of protecting our seas.
PHILIPPECOUSTEAU
A leading environmentalist, explorer, and award-winning filmmaker, Philippe focuses his conservation efforts on empowering youth around the world to build a sustainable future for our oceans.
DR. AYANAELIZABETHJOHNSON
Dr. Johnson is a marine biologist, policy expert, and the founder of Urban Ocean Lab, a think tank for the future of coastal cities.
SHAELYNNEBOOD
As the head of our Vancouver Island Kelp Harvesting Operations, Shae’s expertise in these unique kelp forest ecosystems helps ensure our ongoing legacy of responsible sourcing.
FIND YOURACTION.MAKE ADIFFERENCE.
As a brand born from the sea, we’re dedicated to its protection – and we want to inspire people to help. We partnered with Dr. Ayana Elizabeth Johnson, marine biologist and Blue Heart Ambassador, to find a way to help people turn their unique talents into planet-saving actions. Ready to find yours?
Lamer.com is powered by renewable electricity.*
*The electricity used to power our e-commerce data center in The Americas is covered by renewable energy certificates.
