L'Oréal Open Innovation
L’Oréal has set itself the mission of offering all women and men worldwide the best of cosmetics innovation in terms of quality, efficacy and safety. Here's a look at the Group’s latest stories.
We acknowledge the responsibility that comes with the scale of our business. For decades, L’Oréal has made addressing climate change a strategic priority, actively pursuing the decarbonization of its operations and value chain.L’Oréal reinforced its commitment to combating climate change with a decarbonization trajectory validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in April 2024. This ambitious plan sets clear targets for 2030 and 2050, in line with the latest Net Zero standard, aligned with the 1.5°C trajectory, and demonstrates our science and innovation-driven approach.
Building on our track record of emissions reduction in our own operations through energy efficiency programs and the rollout of renewable energy solutions such as solar or biomass across markets, we aim to continue leading the beauty industry on the transition to a net-zero future, across our value chain. This means forging partnerships to foster the system-wide transformation needed to limit GHG emissions.
We rely on the latest climate science to drive continuous improvement, prioritize transparency, and seek innovative solutions.
By 2030, we will aim to
100%
Reach 100% renewable energy use on operated sites and stores.(1)
-57%
Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 57 % compared to 2019
-28%
Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services, upstream transportation and distribution and business travel by 28% compared to 2019
Policies define our fundamental principles and standard operating procedures. They complement and round out L’Oréal for the Future KPIs. They outline how we work and guide decision-making across the organization.
More Information Here
To check out our performance and the latest annual results please visitESG Performance.
(1)Operated stores where we hold an electricity subscription.
Nature is a source of inspiration for our business, providing the raw materials that fuel our innovation, while reminding us of our responsibility to protect and preserve natural ecosystems.
Our 1,600 ingredients sourced from 350 plant species highlight our reliance on a healthy and diverse ecosystem. As we transition to more bio-based ingredients, we are committed to responsible and sustainable sourcing. To guide our nature-related actions, we adopt the three pillars of the conservation hierarchy: Avoid, Reduce, Restore & Regenerate while aiming at transforming the overall systems our value chain depends on. We are investing in partnerships and solutions that safeguard biodiversity and regenerate landscapes.
Water is another critical focus of our nature pillar. We are committed to responsible water stewardship throughout our value chain and across our communities. This includes optimizing our industrial processes and resource use, as well as creating products that help consumers require less water for their everyday beauty and hygiene needs - especially in water-stressed regions.
These interconnected efforts on biodiversity and water are essential for enhancing climate adaptation while strengthening ecosystem services for improved community resilience.
90%
Sustainably source at least 90% of biobased materials used in formulas and packaging
75%
Source over 75% of  ingredients from nature* or from recycled materials in formulas
Regenerate more land than our footprint to enhance the health and resilience of our priority ecosystems
Use 100% recycled or reused water for industrial purposes in ourfactories
Offer water-saving products or technologies to enable consumers in water-stressed markets to meet their hygiene and beauty needs
*from plant or mineral sources
We are striving to improve our practices throughout the life cycle of our products, from design to end of life. For our packaging, we are developing solutions to reduce the use of materials and encourage recycling embracing a circular approach built on the 3R’s: Reduce Replace and Recycle.
We are working to weave circularity into every step of product development. This includes lightweighting our packaging, using recycled and biobased materials, reducing our plastic use, introducing circular solutions such as refillable products.
This requires a system-wide transformation and multi stakeholder collaboration to collectively overcome the supply chain and infrastructure barriers. Our current target reflects this balance, allowing us to implement sustainable solutions responsibly while driving future innovation.
50%
Reduce by 50% in absolute the use of virgin plastic for product packaging compared to 2019
Source 50% of all materials used in product packaging either from recycled or biobased sources
20%
Reduce the packaging intensity of our products by 20% compared to 2019
We are creating the beauty that moves the world with tomorrow’s sustainability innovations.
Building on our long-standing culture of innovation, we will further catalyse new breakthrough technologies, in support of our sustainability transformation, with thelaunch of an accelerator program, endowed with €100 million investment over 5 years.
This new initiative will help us identify, pilot and scale the solutions needed to address the continued challenges facing our industry – from sustainable ingredients and packaging materials to low-impact manufacturing processes.
We will actively seek and support startups, SMEs, and established innovative companies with ready-to-pilot solutions in key areas such as: low-carbon solutions, alternative ingredients, eliminating fossil plastic use and plastic waste, low-impact processes, water resilience, nature-based solutions, and inclusive business models.
Scaling these innovations will fuel sustainable solutions and accelerate the delivery of our ambitions.
In partnership with the Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership (CISL), our sustainable innovation accelerator is a program that will help scout, identify, pilot and scale  breakthrough technologies addressing our critical challenges and needs.
Applications are open from the 23rd of June to the 30th of September 2025. Successful applicants will benefit from a custom acceleration program to support their innovation at scale.
Apply Here
As the leading beauty company, L’Oréal is deeply connected to the communities where we live, work and serve.We believe the world of tomorrow must be fair, inclusive, and diverse—and women must be at the center of shaping it.
L'Oréal has a long-standing commitment to empowering women. To address the specific challenges they face, particularly during times of crisis, we launched the L'Oréal Fund for Women in 2020. This initiative complements the long-standing efforts of theFondationL’Oréal that  provides access to key resources, education, and leadership development.
To learn more about theFondationL’Oréal and its impactful work, please visit:Foundation L’Oréal
Understanding that our success is deeply connected to the well-being of our communities, we are committed to fostering their growth and prosperity. Through our brands' social engagement programs, philanthropic initiatives, and inclusive sourcing efforts, we are actively working to build community resilience, expand access to employment, promote living wages, and provide essential support.
100K
Help 100,000 people from disadvantaged communities gain access to employment*
Have 100% of our strategic suppliers sign a living wage pledge with a time-bound action plan
10M
Support 10 million people through our brands’ social engagement programs**
5M
Enhance wellbeing, empowerment and resilience of 5 million women through our philanthropic efforts**
*Over the 2020 – 2030 period
**Over the 2025 – 2030 period
Diverse teams are our strength
Our ambition is to be the most inclusive beauty leader and contribute to a society where people can feel safe, equal, respected and valued.
Our goal is to offer each and every person around the world the best of beauty:  for all skin and hair types, genders, identities, origins and ages.
Diversity, equity and inclusionfuel the innovation, inspiration, and ambition that help us to create the beauty that moves the world.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report
Download
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Key Figures
Discover here
Our diversity, equity and inclusion commitments to our employees, consumers and suppliers
Our goal is to promote diversity, equity and inclusion n wherever L’Oréal is present, while respecting local legislations.
More rights for me, it doesn't mean fewer rights for you.
At L’Oréal, we believe that people are at the heart of everything we do. Our values guide our decisions and actions. We consider it our duty to act ethically and responsibly.
Respecting Human Rights is an essential part of this commitment, in line with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).
This means respecting the dignity of each and every human being, in all our day-to-day activities, throughout our value chains.
We recognize that respecting and promoting human rights is not only a moral imperative but also a fundamental aspect of sustainable business practices.
The L’Oréal leadership team takes this responsibility very seriously, and we are committed to working in alignment with these principles every day.
Nicolas Hieronimus, CEO of L’Oréal Groupe
“As a company, we are aware that we can have an impact on people, communities and the planet, and it is our collective responsibility, to work towards respecting human rights.”Nicolas Hieronimus
Three main Human Rights policies set out the Group’s approach to Human Rights:
Human Rights Policy (2025)
Our Human Rights Policy is grounded in our Code of Ethics, particularly its 4 Ethical Principles - INTEGRITY, RESPECT, COURAGE, and TRANSPARENCY and reflects our commitment in line with following international norms and standards.
To know more
Mutual Ethical Commitment Letter (2021)
In 2021, the Group updated its Mutual Ethical Commitment Letter which sets L’Oréal’s expectations towards our suppliers. L’Oréal actively seeks out and favours business partners who share its ethical standards with regards to, amongst others, human rights and working conditions. The Group is committed to supporting business partners in meeting these standards.
Alongside these policies, the 2030 Forest Policy (available here) lays out the Group’s commitments and expectations around human rights topics with regards to Forest-related raw materials.
The Group’s Responsible Advertising & Marketing Communications Policy(available here)outlines our commitments and actions to advertise, promote, and communicate responsibly, in line notablywith our Human Rights commitments.
L’Oréal’s commitment to respect Human Rights is supported at the highest level of the Company.
The Chief Corporate Responsibility Officer, who is a member of the Executive Committee, is responsible for overseeing the respect of Human Rights in the Group.
A dedicated network of more than 50 Human Rights Correspondents helps embed a Human Rights culture at entity level, covering all the Group’s main corporate functions, zones and markets.
The Human Rights Committee, presided by the Chief Corporate Responsibility Officer, and composed of representatives of the various divisions, functions and zones, allows exchange on the implementation of the Group’s Human Rights policy and fosters decisions.
L'Oréal conducted a comprehensive analysis of our salient human rights risks across all our markets based on the UNGP Reporting Framework.These risks are reflected in our commitments and addressed through specific action plans. To know more, you can find theGroup’s Human Rights reporthere.
We are aware that we cannot tackle this issue alone as we are part of many communities around the world. We also know that when it comes to our stakeholders, we need to listen to those who may be affected. Our Human Rights partnerships help us to reinforce our efforts and to always go further.
L’Oréal is member of Fair Labor Association’s project,Harvesting the Future - Jasmine in Egypt.
The Fair Labor Association, the International Labour Organization (ILO) office in Egypt, and more than 15 national and international producers and purchasers of jasmine and jasmine derivatives and products are working together to promote child protection and decent working conditions in the jasmine sector in Egypt. The Government of Egypt and several local civil society organizations also are active partners in the project.
Joint efforts to improve labor rights and working conditions in the jasmine supply chain include strategies to promote fair compensation and build the economic resilience of families; strengthen child protection measures and improve children’s access to education and childcare; improve human rights due diligence systems at the processor level; and generate support for legal and policy initiatives, including social protection measures.
L’Oréal is member ofOpen for Business, a coalition of global businesses that aims to advance LGBTQIA+ rights globally and to create a global consensus that LGBTQIA+ inclusion is an economic and business issue. This helps build momentum for LGBTQIA+ rights around the world and gives support to businesses operating in markets where these issues are especially urgent.
Find out morehere
L’Oréal works with the Fair Wage Network. Ensuring a living wage means paying workers enough to provide food, housing and basic needs for themselves and their dependents, regardless of the country where they work. In 2023, L’Oréal was awarded the Living Wage Employer accreditation by Fair Wage Network, in recognition of our status as a committed global Living Wage employer.
Find out more about living wage policyhere.
In 2020, L'Oréal began participation in Shift’s Business Learning Program. Shift is the leading center of expertise on the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
L’Oréal joined Unstereotype Alliance, an industry-led initiative established by UN Women. Its mission is to eradicate harmful stereotypes in advertising and media. At L’Oréal, we believe that being a truly inclusive company requires a continuous evolution in mindset to embrace new ways of thinking, working, and creating, which is reflected in our advertising and marketing
Conscious of human rights-related issues and risks in the mica supply chain, L’Oréal joined the Responsible Mica Initiative (RMI). This global multistakeholder coalition comprised of companies, NGOs, and governments to address the problems of child labor and unsafe working conditions in the mica mining industry
L'Oréal is a member of the Human Rights Working Group of the Consumer Goods Forum (CFG), a global coalition promoting human rights due diligence systems in business activities. The main objective is to safeguard workers' rights at every stage of the value chain, ensuring that they are protected, respected, and have appropriate recourse, and that forced labor is eliminated
Our practices, successes and challenges ahead are further described in L’Oréal’s Human Rights Report (availablehere) and we report yearly progress in the Group’s Universal Registration Document.
L’Oréal, since 1998, and the Fondation L’Oréal, since 2007, have worked with UNESCO to empower more women scientists to overcome barriers to progression and participate in solving the great challenges of our time – for the benefit of all.
At the Fondation L’Oréal, we are convinced that beauty can play a central role in helping vulnerable, underprivileged or marginalised people to regain their self-esteem, develop confidence and improve their wellbeing. It can even help people rediscover their place in the society.
Beauty For a Better Life
Women are on the frontline of the climate crisis, disproportionately affected by extreme weather and natural disasters, yet still underrepresented and disadvantaged in many of the disciplines that will be vital to the global climate transition. Through our partnerships, we aim to empower women to lead climate action and raise awareness of the importance of gender-equal climate solutions.
COP23, Women Health Climate,
Unicef.
L'Oréal Groupe's global program, L'Oréal For Youth (L4Y), strives to create a world where all young people have equal opportunities for education and employment. By fostering a supportive ecosystem, L4Y bridges the gap between school and work, equipping youth from diverse backgrounds with the knowledge, guidance, and networks they need to thrive in the job market.
Launched in 2021, L’Oréal For Youth was created to combat youth unemployment.Since there is a gap between the formal education and the job market, especially for those who don’t have access to top educational institutions, upskilling is essential to promote employability. This is why we want to prepare the youth to unlock their potential for their future.
This includes young people who:
L’Oréal For Youth creates real professional opportunities for people under 30.After young people have been affected by the socio-economic crisis due to the pandemic, youth unemployment is one of the largest concerns for Gen Z. Companies, like L’Oréal, have an important role to play, so every year we commit to creating 25,000 professional opportunities to youth all over the world.
This includes young people being developed through::
L’Oréal For Youth is designed to inspire a global movement and support employability of people under 30.
We only make real impact by collaborating with companies, NGOs, and governments.
As a founding member of the GLOBAL ALLIANCE FOR YOUTH and a board member of GAN Global, we’re actively working to combat youth unemployment on a larger scale and reach more diverse people in every market with our actions.
In 2021, L'Oréal became a founding member of the most powerful program for Youth: TheGLOBAL ALLIANCE FOR YOUTHlaunched by NESTLE in 2014. This leading global movement has been actively working and partnering with governments, foundations, youth organizations, academia and the private sector to overcome youth unemployment.
L’Oréal has also joined the board ofGAN Global, an alliance that connects business, governments and international organisations to promote work-based learning in order to contribute on the employability of younger generations.
Check out the latest stories shared by our #LOrealforyouth beneficiaries
To become a reference for youth employability and employment in every single market, we need to meet the local needs of communities we support. L’Oréal For Youth reaches young people worldwide with a unique approach and we have captured some of the stories shared by our beneficiaries across the world.
