Unlock 3 powers of glow with just 1 product
Find out more about our game-changing patented ingredient for hyperpigmentation, dark spots & stretch marks.
Care
BodyCare
Face
LipCare
Face Cleansing
SunBaby
FaceCare
EyeCare
BabySun
SunBody
SunFace
Body Cleansing
Hand
Baby cleanse
Deodorant
Shower
Everything your body needsCheck out our wide range ofNIVEAbodycareproducts. We’ve got a vast selection of soaps, shower gels, bath additives, deodorants, creams, lotions, milks and a lot more. If you’re looking for products to help improve the healthy look or glow of yourskin, we’ve got you covered! Take a look now and discover the idealNIVEAproduct for your needs and preferences. We have products here for bothmenand womenincluding shaving items and deodorants for all of your personal hygiene requirements. No matter what you’re searching for, if it’s for yourskin, you’ll find it here.NIVEAbodycareproducts for everyoneWhether you’re searching for a great gift for a friend or loved one, or simply looking to keep your ownskinradiant and moisturised, this is where you’ll find it. Not only do we offer a vast collection of bodycareproducts, we also provide a fantastic range of expert informational articles designed to give you all of the tips, tricks and other knowledge that you need to keep on top of your personalcareroutine. Looking for a way to deal with dry or blemishedskin? Let us guide you along the path to discovering the ideal product for yourskintype. Are you uncertain of your ownskintype? Let us assist you in determining exactly the type ofcareyou need to stay on top of your bodycareneeds.Our site is simple and easy to navigateNo matter what it is you seek, our collection is sure to impress. We’ve worked hard to ensure that you receive top quality products and have prepared this and all other pages to facilitate your shopping experience. We want to make sure that you can easily spot and purchase everything you’re looking for and in order to do that we have given you a convenient filter option. Use our filters – located conveniently at the top of the site – to sort through the products on this page by type or by other characteristics. Our purchase process is quick and easy to manage and our expert handling of your buyer experience is of paramount importance. Weprideourselves on our ability to provide you with not only high quality products, but also with the advice and information that you need in order to stay on top of all of your hygiene and bodycareneeds. Take a look at our selection now!
Shaving
Products
Stay healthy and happy with our detailed guides and informational articles
Take a look through our huge selection of products byNIVEAand find the ideal thing for you. Whether you want to achieve a brand new look for the season or to takecareof your body, you’re sure to find what you’re looking for right here. Our product descriptions are thorough and designed to help you find out exactly which qualities you need to enhance, enliven and enjoy yourself, whatever your mood or preferences. Not sure how best to use that brand new salve, hair style orskinenhancer? Our detailed walkthroughs, guides and informational articles are our way of ensuring that yourNIVEAexperience is top notch. All products byNIVEAare made with top-of-the-linecareand ingredients so you never have to doubt the quality or efficacy of your purchase.
Learn interesting facts aboutNIVEAand Beiersdorf.
CTA Copy
Reliability and quality – these are our most important values. Sustainability therefore plays an important role forNIVEA.
More about sustainability
Your browser is currently set to block JavaScript. You need to allow JavaScript to use this service.
To learn how to allow JavaScript or to find out whether your browser supports JavaScript, check the online help in your web browser.
Your browser is currently set to block cookies. You need to allow cookies to use this service.
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer that tell us when you're signed in. To learn how to allow cookies, check the online help in your web browser.
Facial cleansing for dry andsensitiveskinGentle cleansing is paramount for dry andsensitiveskin. Your cleansing products must be gentle on theskin, provide adequate moisture and should not irritate yourskin. Find out more about cleansing products forsensitiveskinfromNIVEA: a cleansing fluid dissolves make-up & mascara and provides theskinwith moisture. The latest fluids of this type are based on innovative micellar technology. With this technology, make-up and dirt particles are trapped and removed without any rubbing. By using this gentle facial cleansing method, you reduce redness, relieve feelings of tightness and combat dry areas. A cleansing milk is also recommended for dry andsensitiveskin. Since they usually have a very gentle formula, theskin’snaturalbalanceis maintained and impurities are efficiently removed. And what if you’re in a hurry? Then practical cleansing wipes are just what you need.
Blemishedskin: Maintain and clarify with appropriate facial cleansing productsA scrub with fine exfoliating granules is recommended for cleansing blemishedskin. Exfoliation removes deadskincells and stimulates cell renewal and circulation. From the cleansing stage onwards, you will obtain a brighter and more evenskintone. If you wear make-up to hide blemishedskin, cleansing is even more important. After cleansing, a clarifying treatment is important – here your best option is a facial toner. This helps to restorebalanceto theskin, removes the last remnants of dirt and make-up and ensures thatskinis optimally prepared to receive othercareproducts. For this, you simply need to pour a fewdrops of toner on a cotton wool pad, with which you then gently dab yourskin.
Daily Essentials Gentle Exfoliating Scrub
The gentle exfoliating scrub removes your deadskincells while exfoliating yourskinand smooths its surface, for a more even complexion. The scrub also supports theskin's own moisturebalanceand is suitable for normal and combinationskin. WithvitaminE andHydraIQ, this exfoliating scrub will leave yourskinfeelingfreshand looking radiant. Read our how to exfoliate guide for more tips.
Why Exfoliate?
To put it simply, exfoliating is just removing the deadskincells from the surface of theskinon your face. Removing these deadskincells comes with a number of advantages: It smooths and softens theskin, brightens up your complexion, and decreases breakouts by clearing out your pores.
Though there are a lot of products for exfoliating, i.e. exfoliating scrubs and gels, it's important to find the right products for yourskin, as the wrong kind may irritate or inflame theskin, causing redness, dryness or peeling. You should research your options until you find the right exfoliating products. Reviews can be useful in determining the effectiveness of a specific exfoliating scrub or gel.
When conducting your research, you should know there are two types of exfoliants: Physical and chemical. Physical exfoliants manually remove deadskincells using abrasion. A classic example would be an exfoliating scrub. However, it's important to note that if you have acne-proneskin, rough physical exfoliation may not be the best method for you, as the friction can irritate inflamedskin, causing redness or further inflammation. Chemical agents work without the abrasion and instead loosen/dissolve the bonds holding the deadskincells to the surface of yourskin. This is done using acid or enzymes. An example of a chemical exfoliant would be a chemical peel that you might enjoy at a spa. It's important to note that chemical exfoliants will dry out theskinand as such, an oil-free moisturiser like this should be incorporated into yourskincareroutine.
Let YourSkinBreathe WithNIVEAmicellar water and wipes
MicellAIR(micellar) products are specifically designed with yourskinin mind, cleaning gently and letting it breathe. The micellar water products act as an all-in-one make-up remover, removing makeup and dirt from your face, eyes andlips. It also acts as the perfect facial cleanser leaving the face feelingfreshand clean.
How does micellar water work?
The Micellar all-in-one makeup remover products use mild surfactants which group together to form micelles (hencemicellar water), the micelles group act like magnets for dirt and oil. When you use wipes or use ourMicellAIRproducts with cotton the micelles attach to the cotton and wipe clean theskinof the daily irritant off yourskinincluding sebum, dirt and makeup whilst also allowing theskinto breathe and unclogging pores.
Are face wipesbetterthan face wash?
Cleansing face wipes offer ease and convenience that‘s perfect for on-the-go as well as your daily staple. However, this doesn’t mean they should replace your face wash cleansing routine. Face washes can work alongside your cleansing wipes to ensure you’re removing thenaturaldirt that builds up throughout your day while strengthening theprotective barrier and effectively moisturising yourskin.
Face wipes vs microfiber facial cleansing wipes
When thinking about your dailyskincareroutine it’s important to consider the impact you’re having on the environment. AtNIVEAwe’ve made sure to make the face wipes you love and trust kinder on the environment. Our biodegradable cleansing wipes are made from a plant-based tissue with micro-plastic free formulas and the packaging is even made from 45% recycled material. Using microfiber cleansing wipes with your facial cleanser is another great way to reduce your environmental impact while gently cleansing yourskin.
Are face wipesgoodfor your face?
NIVEAface wipes are formulated to remove thedeepest layers of dirt while leaving theskinfeeling soft and revitalised. Our face cleansing wipes are gentle on theskinensuring yourskindoesn’t become dry or aggravated, however, making sure you find the best face wipes for yourskintypeis important.
Which is the best face wipe for you?
Picking your face cleansing wipes will depend on what best suits yourskin. If you havesensitiveskin, finding products that don’t irritate yourskincan be tricky. OurNIVEAface wipe range includes cleansing wipes expertly formulated for eithersensitiveor dryskin. Alternatively, for confident makeup removal theNiveaMicellairProfessional Micellar Face Wipes are tough enough to remove layers at a time, including waterproof mascara.
Yourskinis as unique as you are
To find the face cream that is perfectly tailored to the needs of yourskin, you should know your individualskintype. This is the only way you can choose the facialcareproducts that will be especiallygoodfor yourskin. Does yourskinoften feel tight and dry? Are you prone to blemishes? Are yousensitiveto bright light or extreme temperatures? Combinationskin, dryskin, blemishedskin, normalskinorsensitiveskin: choose a face cream that best suits your needs fromNIVEA’sfacecarerange. Provide dryskinwith intensivehydration, pampersensitiveskinwith a particularly gentle formula and effectively free blemishedskinof spots and an oilyshine.
Specialcarefor special needs
As we age, ourskinchanges. The cells regenerate more slowly, they produce less collagen and theskinloses moisture and elasticity.NIVEA’sSkinResearch Centre has developed special face creams specifically for the needs of matureskin. Their innovative formulas visibly alleviate wrinkles, prevent new wrinkles from forming thereby giving theskinafresher and more youthful appearance. Thesun’s ultraviolet rays have a particularly significant influence on premature ageing. Because they can penetrate through glass to a certain extent, theskinis regularly exposed to these in our everyday life. For this reason, manyNIVEAdaycareproducts have an SPF of 15 or 30 and a special UVA filter. For those for whom not onlyskincarebut also a more evenskintone is important, a tinted face cream is the answer.NIVEAhas tinted moisturisers for variousskintypes. BB creams ensure an especially flawless complexion – they not only provide moisture andprotection, but at the same time ensure a smooth finish and hide small irregularities with a touch of make-up.
A comprehensiveskincareroutine fromNIVEA
To keep yourskinbeautiful and looking radiant for a long time, it is important to establish a regularskincareroutine. This should include a face cream for the night and a specialeyecareproductin addition to your face cream for the day. Always choose products from the sameskincarerange. This way you can be sure that all the ingredients in your products are suited to the specific needs of yourskinand will be able to optimally achieve their intended effect. Proper cleansing is of course also part of facecare. Cleaning wipes, gel or scrub – here you also need to make sure you use the products intended for yourskintype.
Moisturising Day Cream Expertly Formulated with You in Mind
NIVEAday cream is created to ensure that allskintypesare catered for with only the highest quality ofcare. Day cream ensuresskinis replenished, moisturised, andprotected. With 24h benefits, daily face creams provideskinwith around-the-clockcareand refreshment. All our day cream help toactively fight signs of ageing, ensuring fine lines are reduced andskinis strengthened. Wake up with one of a broad range of creams, such as Q10 Energy andLuminous630. For extradryskin, our range ofHyaluronmoisturising day cream containshyaluronic acid, which slows down the evaporation process to retain incredible amounts of moisture, whilst also plumping theskin’s appearance.
Catering for allSkinTypes and Needs
All our daily face creams are designed to provide you with exactly what you require, meaning only the best scientifically-proven ingredients are used.Skinis a complex and ever-changing organ, and so we make sure that allskintypes are catered for. Whateverskintype you have, you're bound to find a moisturising day cream that you’ll love and trust. Just some of our product's ingredients include; Almond Oil,HydraIQ,Vitamins C and E, Ocean Algae and Q10 energy, providingskinanti-aging, environmentalprotection, smoothness and strength. Complete yourskincareroutine with our day cream with SPF and one of our  nourishing night creams - putting thebeautyinbeautysleep.Moisturising day cream is great for day-to-dayskinnourishment.
Day Cream with SPF
We all know the importance of applying SPF every day, come rain orshine. However, ifsuncream isn’t part of your dailyskincareroutine, it can sometimes be overlooked. That’s why opting for a daily face cream with added SPF will provide a foundational layer ofprotection, so you can always guarantee some level ofprotection. Many of our moisturising day cream products have added SPF, among other benefits. Explore our range now to find out more.
Moisturising and Soothing, Whilst you Enjoy aGoodNights Sleep
Yournight-timeskincareroutine is just as important as your day routine. That's why it is important to ensure you only use the best night face cream or night moisturiser, to guarantee yourskinis provided with the essentialcareit needs, to regenerate and recover from thestresses of the day. Our night face creams work differently to regular day creams by nourishingdeeper than just theskin's surface, helping you achieve younger, glowingskinevery morning.Night face creams are expertly formulated to cater to yourskincareneeds. In order to get the best results for yourskinwe offer a variety of night creams to combat particular issues you may be experiencing, whether this be dryskinor fine lines and wrinkles.
To ensure you get the best results, it is essential to pick the best night cream or night moisturiser for yourskin.Skintype can play a part in which night cream you choose, you could be looking for agoodnight face cream for oilyskin, which isn’t oil based. Alternatively you may have dryskinand desire an extrahydrating moisturiser.If you are after anaturalnight cream we offer a range ofNaturallyGoodnight creams. Thenaturalnight cream offers the benefit ofskinregeneration, through the power of argan oil - to ensure rested, healthyskinwhen you wake up, while being a fullynaturalnight cream formula.
Night Cream forMen& Women
What Is BB Cream?
For those who don't know, the BB in "BB Cream" can stand for a few different things (blemish balm, blemish base,beautybalm, to name a few), but the best BB creams generally all have similar functions. BB creams can be used as foundation, moisturiser and asunblockskincareproduct all in one. Not to be confused with CC creams (colour control/colour correction cream) which is generally used to decreaseskinredness, sallowness or improve an unevenskintone. It's important to know the difference between the two when it comes to bb cream vs cc cream, as the two generally have different uses.
What Does BB Cream Do?
BB cream is used for variety of reasons, including evening outskintones, refining pores and adding a matte effect and covering imperfections like blemishes, dark circles under the eyes, redskinand signs of fatigue. BB cream also illuminates your complexion, leaving yourskinwith anaturalglow while providing light, fast absorbing moisture andprotecting theskinagainstsundamage, environmental factors and signs of premature ageing.
What's In It?
NIVEADaily Essentials BB Cream Light is filled with several different ingredients, all serving yourskinin a different way. Firstly, the SPF15 in the bb cream is used to fight the signs of premature ageing, fine lines and wrinkles. A unique mix of bio jojoba oil, minerals and pro-vitaminB5 is used to help optimiseskins ability to absorb and retain moisture. Fine micro-colour pigments are used to even unevenskintones and a mix of coloured and colourless minerals blend cream, givingskinanaturalhealthy glow.
A serum is usually a thin-viscosity product that is applied topically, with an increased concentrated amount ofactiveingredients to give yourskina boost. They are absorbed quickly and are best used after you cleanse and just before you moisturise.
Looking for a face serum to lighten dark spots and illuminate your complexion? Try ourCellularLuminous630 Anti-Dark Spot Serum. Or if you are looking for something morehydrating that will also smooth your complexion, take a browse ofNIVEAface serums withHyaluronic Acid. Other key ingredients inNIVEAface serums includeBakuchiol, Q10 andVitaminE.
Explore the range ofNIVEAface serums below to find the right one for yourskintype and needs.
Face serums are a must have product to integrate into yourskincareroutine. TheNIVEArange of serums will satisfy allskintypes and concerns, whether you are looking for a face serum for dryskinor ahyaluronic acid serum,NIVEAhas you covered.
Anti-aging serums
If you want a little help with reducing the appearance of wrinkles or saggingskin, a specially formulated serum for anti-aging can work perfectly. TheQ10 Anti Wrinkle Power Serumcontainsskinidentical Q10 to give theskina refined and radiant complexion.
As we grow older, collagen production decreases, using a collagen face serum can help the production of collagen in theskin, giving it a more plump and youthful glow. Bakuchiol serum is another incredible product for anti-aging. Bakuchiol is a plant based alternative to retinol and is just as effective, helping stimulate cell turnover to reduce fine lines.
Dark spot serum
For dark spots, theNIVEACellular630LuminousAnti Dark Spot Face Treatment Serumacts to lighten dark spots and reduce their size in 4 weeks, whilst balancing theskin's melanin production to prevent the appearance of new spots.
VitaminC serum for face
VitaminC has many benefits, from slowing down the aging process, to improving the appearance ofsundamage, dark spots, wrinkles and even acne. Using avitaminc serum for face gives theskina concentrated boost of this ingredient, harnessing all the benefits.
Face serum for dryskin
Dryskincan really benefit from a serum, ahyaluronic acid serum in particular candeeplyhydrate theskinand is creatednaturallyin the body. TheNIVEACellularFillerHyaluronic Acid Serumprovides instant anddeephydration, whilst smoothing theskinsurface and providing suppleness.
Serum for combinationskin
If you have combination or oilyskin, you will want a serum that stillhydrates theskinwithout leaving it oily or greasy. A common mistake is to assume combination / oilyskincan skip this step however, it is still incredibly important tohydrate more oil proneskinas otherwise theskinwill overproduce to compensate.
Fun in thesunwithNIVEA’s range of moisturisers with SPF
Walking out your front door to be greeted by the illuminatingsunlight can brighten up your day. However, we cannot forget that the effects of UV light are invisible and unnoticeable to our eyes, and when yourskinbecomes overexposed tosunlight, it can result in possibleskinconcerns. It’s alwaysbetterto be safe than sorry, as even in the winter or on cloudy days, yourskincan still be exposed to UV rays.NIVEArecommends incorporating moisturisers with SPF into your morning routine to ensure that you areprotected before leaving the comfort of your home.
What are the benefits of moisturisers with SPF
Moisturisers with SPF are easily integrated into your dailyskincareroutine. You will be able to reap the benefits of both, by having a moisturiser that maintainshydration in yourskinwith an additional layer ofprotection from UV rays. Daily moisturisers with SPF not onlyprotectyourskinbut can also help to preserve your body's ability to produce collagen, a powerful protein that keeps yourskintight and firm. This makes theskinless prone to fine lines and wrinkles. When yourskinages,age spotsmay also occur on certain areas of yourskin, often due to a lack ofprotection from thesun, which in turn, means that face moisturisers with SPF can help to maintain a youthful appearance.
When to use face moisturisers with SPF
Moisturisers with SPF should be used before you start your day, andNIVEAadvises you to apply your moisturiser daily even if you do not leave your home. Asmentioned,sunrays can penetrate yourskineven during cloudy days, and this includes your windows as well, so it isbetterto beprotected despite being indoors!
Finding your perfect daily moisturiser with SPF
NIVEAoffers a wide range of moisturisers with SPF utilising a wide array of ingredients, including Q10, Bakuchiol, andHyaluronic Acid. Look into picking a face cream with SPF that utilises the ingredients that will help nourish yourskin.NIVEA’s Q10 Anti-Wrinkle Power Firming Day Cream SPF 15uses the power of Q10 to effectively firm theskinand reduce wrinkles, regenerating andprotecting theskinfrom prematureskinageing with SPF15.
Make sure to pick your daily moisturiser according to yourskintype. This includes dryskin, oily, normal, or a combination ofskintypes. Different moisturisers are much more effective on differentskintypes, so do keep this in mind before applying your chosen day cream with SPF.
Moisturisers also come with different SPF factors. The SPF factor you use depends on your exposure to directsunlight, so using higher SPFs like 30 and 50 are recommended when the UV index is high.
Tips to make sure yourskinstaysprotected andhydrated
Here are some tips for you to use with your new daily moisturiser with SPF!
5) Reapplication is important, especially after excessive sweating or water-related activities4) Apply your moisturiser on dampskin, this will allow the moisture to lock into yourskin, perfect for ahydrated feel.3) Be consistent with applying your moisturiser, planning to relax at home is not an excuse!2) Day creams come with different SPF factors, so make sure you read labels and understand yourskin's needs.1) Make sure to apply enough product to yourskinto ensure fullprotection.
When do I need anti-aging products?Anti-aging products help people to reduce the signs of aging as they getolder. Some people may experience these signs earlier than others, and that's okay! We’ve provided you with the signs of aging to look out for to understand when might be agoodtime to purchase anti-aging products.
1) WrinklesThe most obvious, and often the most daunting sign of aging, iswrinkles. People are more self-conscious about the appearance of wrinkles than they are with other signs of aging - and that's why the best anti-aging products focus on reducing them. Wrinkles are caused by the breakdown of elastin andcollagenin yourskinas you get older. This means that yourskinbecomes lesselasticand able to bounce back into shape, leading to the appearance of wrinkles.2) DryskinAs you get older, yourskinbecomes less efficient. As a result, yourskinis less effective at retaining moisture and stayinghydrated. This is something that you take for granted when you’re younger. However, theolder you get, the harder it is to avoid dryskin. The best anti-aging products provide rich, long-lasting moisture - toprotectagainstdryskin. If you’ve noticed yourskinbecoming dry, it may be a sign to purchase anti-aging products.3) DullnessPreviouslymentioned, as you get older yourskinbecomes less efficient. This means that it is slower atrepairingskincells and rejuvenating itself. This can make yourskinappear dull and grey. However, when you are younger, yourskincells are renewed every three weeks, which helps to keepskinlooking vibrant. The best anti-aging products help to recover thisvibrant glowback to yourskin.4) UnevenskintoneWhen yourskinages, it becomes thinner. This means that blood vessels andhyperpigmentationare more visible, causing yourskintone to appear uneven. Age spots can also create anunevenskintone. These aresmall brown spotsthat can become visible anywhere on theskin. Although they are harmless, they’re caused byoverexposureto thesunand can make yourskinlook older than it is! Anti-aging products are an effective way to improve an unevenskintone.
What isNIVEALuminousand how does it work?
NIVEALuminous630 products are developed by our team ofskincareexperts to safely fade dark spots and help prevent future pigmentation. Working at a cell level,NIVEALuminousproducts are aiming to target the root cause of the issue, with a dual action:
- Works on areas with high melanin level to lighten the spots
- With a consistent usage, it regulates the production of melanin to prevent new dark spots from showing up.
What are dark spots and how do they appear?
Dark spots, otherwise known as pigment spots, are a discolouration of theskincaused by an extra production of melanin. There are 4 reasons why dark spots may develop on yourskin:
1. Excesssunexposure without SPF
2. Hormonal Imbalance
3. Age
4. Post acne/skininflammation
SunExposure: you can be subject to developing dark spots on yourskinas a result of exposure to thesunor tanning beds which also generate UV lights. These spots are also known as liver spots, solar lentigines, orsunspots.
Sunspots are most likely to appear on parts of the body which are exposed to thesunthe most, such as the face, hands, or arms.
Hormonal Imbalance: little areas ofskindiscolouration are a symptom of theskincondition called melasma. Womenare more likely to have this condition, particularly during pregnancy. This is generally due to a high level of oestrogen compared to a low level of progesterone, which will drive higher levels ofskinpigmentation.
Age: closely linked tosunexposure, age spots are produced by melanin, anaturalpigment that is produced more quickly in response to ultraviolet (UV) light.Age spotsdevelop onskinwhich has been exposed to thesunfor a longer period of time, when melanin gathers or is created in large quantities.
Post Acne/SkinInflammation: dark spots, also known as post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation (PIH), are not necessarily scars. They are melanin-rich purple or dark spots that develop once your acne has cleared up and can occasionally remain longer than the acne itself.Luminous630 can help you target those spots to lighten them andbalancethe colours of yourskin.
Explore our range ofLuminous630 products to help you achieve a morebalanced complexion.
How can you address dark spots
Begin your journey to bright, evenskintone today withNIVEALuminous.NIVEArecommends a consistent use ofLuminousproducts within your morning and eveningskincareroutine. For example ourCellularLuminous630 Anti Dark Spots Day Moisturiser with SPF 50 willprotectyouskinthroughout the day, meaning you won’t have to worry about the occurrence of new pigmentation.
In the evening,carefor yourskinwith theCellularLuminous630 Anti Dark Spots Night Cream. Enriched withHyaluronic Acid this product recharges yourskinovernight andbalances new melanin production to prevent the appearance of new dark spots.
What Are The Benefits Of Bakuchiol Products?Bakuchiolskincareroutines are becoming increasingly popular due to the range of benefits they provide:1) Vegan-FriendlyFirstly, bakuchiol products are plant-based, making themvegan-friendly. This means that it is not made with the help of animals or their byproducts.When plant-based ingredients are sourced responsibly they are sustainable - which is muchbetterfor our planet. AtNIVEAwe have a commitment tocarefor ourplanetas well as ourskin, and by expanding our range of vegan-friendly ingredients, like bakuchiol, we are sticking to our commitment. Bakuchiol is also pregnancy-safe.2) Combats WrinklesBeing a Retinol-alternative, bakuchiol creams and products combat wrinkles by increasing the amount of collagen in ourskin, which we lose as we get older. This helps to keep ourskinelastic and in shape - preventing fine lines andwrinklesfrom appearing. As a result, adding bakuchiol products to yourskincareroutine will help to combat the early signs of wrinkles as well as help to reduce the appearance of ones that are already formed.The best bakuchiol products to combat wrinkles are ones that contain both bakuchiol andhyaluronic acid.Hyaluronic acid helps yourskinto retain moisture, which in turn keeps ithydrated - preventing the development of any unwanted wrinkles. This, combined with bakuchiol’s ability to boost collagen, is an ideal combination to combat the formation of wrinkles and the appearance of developed ones.3) Alleviates AcneBakuchiol is an antioxidant, which helps to reduce the impact that damaging free radicals can have on yourskin. These free radicals irritateacne-proneskinand can cause an unwanted flair-up.By adding bakuchiol products to yourskincareroutine you can soothesensitive, acne-proneskinwhilst alsoprotecting it from becoming worse. The best bakuchiol products also act as anti-inflammatories - helping to alleviate inflamed and swollen acne.4) EvensskintoneAs an antioxidant, bakuchiol creams reduce the effect that damagingUV rayscan have on yourskin. Overexposure to these UV rays can cause the production of melanin in yourskinto become unbalanced, leading to darker patches and an unevenskintone. Byprotecting yourskinfrom thesun’s rays, you can even out yourskintone and prevent new dark spots from appearing.The best bakuchiol products offer asunprotection factoras well ashydration - toprotectyourskinfromsundamage and the potential concerns that arise from too muchsunexposure.
BakuchiolSkincareRoutine TipsTo harbour the full power of bakuchiol products, you need a bakuchiolskincareroutine. To help, we’ve created our own bakuchiolskincareroutine that you can follow!1) Apply Bakuchiol Products After A ShowerApplying a bakuchiol cream after youshowerhelps to lock moisture into yourskin- keeping ithydrated for longer. Thebetterhydrated yourskinis, thebetterit is at fighting off fine lines and wrinkles.2) OvernightSkincareAs you sleep, yourskinworks hard to regenerate andrepairitself, but sometimes it may need a little help. By adding a bakuchiolnight creamto yourskincareroutine, you’re providing yourskinwith thehydration it needs to efficiently regenerate andrepair- reducing and preventing the appearance of wrinkles!3) Use a face maskFace masks are a great addition toskincareroutines for healthy and glowingskin. They are easy to use and packed full of ingredients that benefit all types ofskin.Face maskswith bakuchiol increaseskinhydration, provide an evenskintone and diminish wrinkles.Thebeautyof face masks is that they are easy to apply and work in just 10 minutes!
Q10 Power - Theskin's own anti-ageing ingredient
As we age, much like many things, thenaturallevels ofQ10found in theskindeclines, leading to the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles to form. That's why it's important to replenish these stores with anti aging cream that contains 100%skinidentical Q10. Q10 is produced as an antioxidant to combat oxidativestress, which helps to keep yourskinlooking healthy. Without this antioxidant working,skinis left vulnerable to increasedstressand damage, making it more susceptible to fine lines and wrinkles. TheNIVEAQ10 Powerformula has been clinically proven to effectively replenish these Q10 stores in theskinand reduce signs of aging, as well as giving you firmerskinin just 14 days. That's why it's one of the most powerful anti aging cream ranges you could use.
Q10 Power - Creatine & Algae Extract as important ingredients
Not only doesskinidentical Q10 help re-energise cells andrepairthem, but the added ingredient ofcreatinemakes it even more powerful. Creatine is an organic acid that's findnaturallyin theskinand acts as an energy reservoir forskincells, and also further helpsskincellsrepairand regenerate. Creatine helps to to supply energy to collagen stores in theskin, which are responsible forskinfirmness. These collagen stores also decline as you age leading to saggingskinandwrinkles. Research has shown that applying creatine topically toskin, such as with the Q10 Power anti aging cream range, helps to increased the production of collagen to theskin. That's why the range has been proven to give you firmerskinin just 14 days.Algae has been used for centuries in lots of different cultures as a form ofskin, hair, andbeautycare. Ocean algae also provides the majority of the planet's oxygen supply. TheNIVEAQ10 Power anti aging cream range is enriched with algae extract and helps to fight wrinkles and helps to achieve glowingskinbyhydrating and minimising pores.
Discover theNIVEAQ10 Ranges
Not only do we have the powerfulNIVEAQ10 Power as an effective anti aging cream range, but we also have theNIVEAQ10 Plus C rangeand theNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ range.NIVEAQ10 Plus C:This range combines powerful 100%skinidentical Q10 withvitaminCto help brighten, firm andhydrateskin. Discover theNIVEAQ10 Plus C range today.NIVEAQ10 Power 60+:This range has been specially formulated by our experts todeeplyhydrateskinover 60, by using 100%skinidentical Q10 andargan oil. Take a look at theNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ range.
Want to know which Q10 range is best for you? Take a look at ourQ10 Explainedinformation so you can find the ideal anti aging cream for you.
Q10 Power 60+ Takes Full Advantage Of The Powerful Co-enzyme Q10 To PromoteSkinRegeneration &Repair
Asskinages it becomes matureskin, especially once you become over 60. When you're over 60 yourskinproduces less and lessnaturallyoccurringQ10which leads towrinkles, fine lines & dark spots. WithNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ products these stores are replenished to promotenaturalskinregeneration and therepairofskincells. This in turn helps to reduce the impact of externalstressors on theskinresulting in less fine lines and wrinkles, as theskinbarrier isbetterequipped to combat these. Not only do Q10 levels in theskinreduce as you age, but so donaturaloils produced over 60, which can often lead to dryskinthat magnifies the look of wrinkles. This powerful Q10 ingredient is combined with nourishingArgan Oiltodeeply moisturiseskinthat is dry to very dry and with regular use you can stayhydrated all day every day to give you the appearance of younger, more youthfulskin. It's our very best face oil for youragingskin.
Q10 Power 60+ are three specialised & effective products
All of theNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ products work effectively to bring you our best anti-aging cream and oil for yourskin. By using theNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ Anti-Wrinkle Day Cream with SPF 15 you can not only help torepairblemishes like dark spots, but you can alsoprotectit from further damage byprotecting yourskinagainst thesunevery day. If what yourskincraves is adeeply nourishing night cream to leave you with more vibrant and moisturisedskinwhen you wake up in the morning, theNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ Replenishing Night Cream is our best anti-aging cream. To take yourskinthat one step further, theNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ Multi-Action Oil is our best face oil for agingskin- it can be applied directly on theskinas askinboost,deepcare, or mask treatment depending on how much you apply, or you can add it to your usual day cream or night cream for a little extra nourishment.
Argan Oil &NIVEAQ10 Power 60+
TheNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ range has the added ingredient of Argan Oil, which has manyskinbenefits. These benefits include therepairofblemishesand scarring, as theskinregeneration andrepairqualities reduce inflammation,sunspots are also minimised as theVitaminE component found in argan oil helps to maintain healthyskinand eyes while strengtheningskindefence. Argan oil also helps to control oil production which in turn helps to reduce breakouts.TheNIVEAQ10 Power 60+ range is our most powerful anti-aging range yet, with our best anti-aging cream to date, and by using it regularly you'll have nourished andglowingskinin no time. The Multi-Action Oil actually contains 99% argan oil, so you can get all the benefits this wonderful ingredient has to offer with our best face oil for agingskin.
A Product for all Your Needs
Revitalise eyes to remove that tired look and visibly reduce fine lines and signs of ageing withNIVEAQ10 EnergyFreshLook Eye Cream. Start the day feelingfreshand energised withNIVEAQ10 Energy withVitaminC Healthy Glow Day Cream, to replenish theskin's supply of Q10 and leave it looking and feeling supercharged for the day ahead. Noskincareroutine is complete without great nightcare, and theNIVEAQ10 Energy withVitaminC range is no different. That's why theQ10 Energy Recharging Night Creamis expertly formulated to provideskinwith resurgence through the night, so you can wake up withskinlooking and feeling great. Why not take it one step further with theNIVEAQ10 Energy Glow Boosting Face Ampule Serum- it boosts theskin's healthy glow and feels just like a professionalbeautytreatment that you can use at home. Each ampoule contains three types of antioxidants and helps to visiblyhydrate, and reduce fine lines and tiredskin.
Awaken theSkin
NIVEAQ10 Energy withVitaminC providesskinwith an extra surge of energy to last throughout the day, soskinis left feeling alive and supported. The range revitilises the feeling of youthfulskin, where fine lines are visibly reduced andskinis softened and smoothed.
What are the benefits of usingVitaminC on yourskin?
- Brightensskinand minimises age spots
- Firmsskin
- Reduces redness
-Hydrates
-Protects against UV light
- Enhances yourskin'snaturaldefence mechanism
Discover more about whatvitaminC does for yourskinhere with our guide.
Revitalize those dark circles and treat pigmentation with ourCellulareye cream range
NIVEACellularExpertFillerwithPureFolic &Hyaluronic Acids is a game-changer for your Anti-Aging routing.
The formula contains highly effective ingredients to boost the anti-age performance.
Micro & MacroHyaluronic Acid; 2 Anti-Age must-haves, known to effectively fill wrinkles, smoothskin& intenselyhydrate
Folic Acid; fills cells with new lift & helps torepairskinbounce fibres* to promote firmer & plumperskin
CellularExpertFillertriggersskinto reinvent itself at cell level. Working with theskin’s ownnaturalbiology to support it in renewing and rejuvenating itself.
*in vitro test withactiveingredient
LIPCAREPRODUCTS
Lipcare:Protection andcarefor beautifullipsLips are exposed to numerousstresses in everyday life. Thesun, cold temperatures and dry heating air easily rob the ourlips' delicateskinof moisture. After all, unlike the rest of the face, theskinon ourlips has neither sebaceous glands nor aprotective layer of oil. The result is that ourlips easily become chapped, rough and cracked and lose theirnaturalbeauty. There are variouslipcareproducts that can counteract this. These provide thelips with moisture andprotectthem from wind and weather. Moreover, the rightlipcareregenerates dry, already badly damagedlips and helps to heal cracked corners of the mouth.Lips become soft and supple again, lookcared for and stay healthy.The rightlipbalm for every need
Just like facecare,NIVEA'slipcareis tailored to a variety of different needs. Their low pigmentation means that ourlips are only slightlyprotected against harmful UV rays. It is therefore best to uselipcareproducts with integrated UVprotection whilesunbathing. In the cold winter, however, it is important to make use of particularly richcareproducts.Lipcareproducts also differ with regard to application and consistency. The traditional stick balm works on the same principle as alipstick. A practicalprotective capprotects it from dirt. To use, the stick is simply turned and applied to thelips.Lipbutter, on the other hand, comes in a small tin and should be applied with a finger. AllNIVEAlipcareproducts are small, handy and convenient to use – perfect when you're on the go.Effective ingredients for supple, well-conditionedlipsNIVEAuses a wide range of quality ingredients to ensure richcarefor yourlips.NIVEAinventedlipcare; as such, the company brings not only many years of experience to the development of new products, but also the latest research findings. This results in products thatcarefor andprotectyourlips in harmonious interaction with theskin's own functions. Moistening yourlips with your tongue in fact has a harmful effect. Doing this dries out theskineven more and irritates it. Regularlipcareon the other hand provides long-lastingprotection against these conditions. And contrary to rumours, this will not cause any dependence onlipbalm.Care, fragrance and colour in one!WithNIVEAlipcare, effective nurturing andprotecting ingredients are combined with pampering cosmetic properties. Gently nourishedlips are given an even,naturallook with a light tint.Pearly lustre or shimmering pigments will add a special gloss to yourlips, while an aromatic fragrancecaresses your senses. There are also variouslipcareproducts without any added cosmetic characteristics. Malelipcareproducts do not have any gloss or fragrance either – the highly effectivecareformula alone ensures healthy, well-conditionedlips.
NIVEADermaSkinClear is a dermatologist-testedskincareline for managing blemish-proneskin. From gentle cleansers and effective exfoliants to targeted treatments, you can build askincareroutine specifically for reducing breakouts and promoting a clearer complexion. Alongside blemish control, regular use of DermaSkinClear products can help reduceblackheads and clogged pores.Key IngredientsThe ingredients at the core ofNIVEADermaSkinClear formulations arePureSea Salt, Niacinamide, Salicylic Acid, and Glycolic Acid - celebrated for their effectiveness in addressing the specific challenges of blemish-proneskin.
Together, these ingredients provide a powerful yet gentle solution for achieving clearer and healthier-lookingskin.
TheNIVEADermaSkinClear Range Includes:NIVEADermaSkinClear Cleanser:A gentle yet effective cleanser that removes impurities and excess oil without over-drying theskin. Prepping theskinfor the next steps in yourskincareroutine, the cleanser ensures a clean and refreshed base.NIVEADermaSkinClear Chemical Exfoliant:Specifically formulated for blemish proneskinand enriched with Salicylic Acid, Glycolic Acid and Niacinamide. The Chemical Exfoliant clears yourskincomplexion in just 7 days by visibly reducing and preventing reappearance of blemishes, while supporting theskinrenewal process.NIVEADermaSkinClear Toner:A soothing toner that helpsbalancetheskin's pH and further cleanse the pores. With Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide, the toner rebalances theskin, helps to control oiliness andhydrates without clogging pores.NIVEADermaSkinClear Scrub:With Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide, the scrub reducesblackheads andwhiteheads, unclogs pores and refines theskintexture.NIVEADermaSkinClear RebalanceandProtectSerum:Formulated with ProvitaminB5, Niacinamide, andHyaluronic Acid, this serum helps to rebalancetheskinandprotectit from environmentalstressors. The combination of these ingredients works to soothe,hydrate, and improve the overall appearance of your complexion
Now formulated with Q10 and creatine for a duo collagen boost*, our iconicNIVEAQ10 Anti-Wrinkle Power – Extra Firming Day Cream has an improved formula. The Q10 found in thisNIVEAQ10 Power Anti-wrinkle Range is 100% identical to the Q10 foundnaturallyin yourskin, helping to replenish Q10 that's been lost to effectively reduce fine lines and wrinkles.
Our continuous innovations have led us to improve products to reduce the appearance of wrinkles. Additionally, our newNIVEADual Action Serum has our highest concentration of Q10 and the breakthrough ingredient GLYCOSTOPTM to block glycation and prevent wrinkles caused by sugar damage.** Make your daily wrinkle routine 4x more powerful by adding this serum to your Q10 DayCareroutine.***
*Tested onskincells.
**in vitro
***Usage in combination withNIVEAQ10 DayCareSPF 15 proved superiority in 4 scientifically measuredskinbenefits.
TheNIVEAQ10 range is enriched with coenzyme Q10
What is coenzyme Q10?Coq10 is found in all body cells and is essential for energy production, empowering theskinto pursuenaturalfunctions such as regeneration andrepair. As we age, our creation of the Q10vitamindecreases and ourskinbecomes more susceptible tostress, damage, fine lines, and wrinkles. By usingskincarewith Q10 coenzyme you will be able to provide yourskinwithantioxidantsto ensure cells regenerate, allowing you to keep younger-lookingskinas you age gracefully.
Combat fine lines and wrinkles with Q10
We have an extensive collection of Q10 products from serums to face masks to help reducefine lines and wrinkles! Add a Q10 anti-wrinkle night cream to yourskinregime to ensure yourskinhas the support it needs to regenerateskincells while you sleep.NIVEAalso offers a Q10 bundle if you would like to update your wholeskincareroutine to include the innovative antioxidant.
Uphold yourskin’s defence structure
Carefor yourskinwith a Q10 moisturiser, proven to fight off free radicals inside and outside the cells. The antioxidant provides aprotective shield from damage caused byUV radiationand environmental toxins, like air pollution.
NIVEAQ10 Energy range combining Q10 andVitaminC
Double yourvitaminintake with ourQ10 Energyskincarerange, which harbours the power ofVitaminCand coenzyme Q10. The blend of antioxidants recharges tiredskin, withVitaminC fighting against free radicals, while co-enzyme Q10 prevents and reduces wrinkles - maintaining a youthful complexion. The Energy range includes Q10 day creams, night creams, eyecareproducts, and face masks, to slow down the aging process and leave yourskinwith a healthy glow.
NIVEAPower Range to enhance collagen production
Feel powerful with theNIVEAQ10 Powerskincarecollection, infused with cell-activeQ10 and creatine to stimulatenaturalcollagen production. This collection will haveskinfeeling firmer in 14 days and fine lines and wrinkles visibly reduced.
text
Let your kids enjoy thesunshine
The first line ofprotection for babies, toddlers and kids is wearing appropriate clothing in thesunwhere possible, toprotectthem from thesun's rays.Sunprotection should be used on exposed areas where kids can't cover up from thesun.
You can provide your kids with effectivesunprotection from the UVA/UVB rays from thesunwhen you useNIVEA'ssunscreen for kids.NIVEAKidsProtect&CareSunLotion SPF50+is designed tocarefor children'sskinas well as shield it, leavingskinprotected, moisturised and ready to enjoy thesummer. But remember babies and toddlers need extraprotectivesuncream as theirskinis thin and hasn't fully developed it'snaturalprotective barrier. This is why it's important to reapplysunscreen multiple times to minimise the damage fromsunexposure.
Optimumsunprotection for Kids
During the first 12 months babies should never spend time in the blazingsun, however, this isn't always possible. Soprotecting your child from thesunis your next best option, making sure they're wearing UVprotective clothing and applyingNIVEA'ssunlotions for kids will help keep your little ones safe. Read our expert advice onsuncream for kidsandsuncream for babiesto find out more about the bestsunprotection for your children.
Enjoy thesummersunwithNIVEAsuncream forsensitiveskinrange
Ourprotectandsensitivesunscreen range will shield you from those harmful UV rays whilst being kind to yoursensitiveskin. We’ve got exactly what you need to keep yourself and your whole family safe and comfortable in thesun, whatever the time of year. Use oursunscreen forsensitiveskinif you're worried about prickly heat, dryskinor other issues thatsensitiveskincan cause so you don't have to fret about spending days in thesun.
OurNIVEAsunproducts contain highly effective UVA/UVB filters for immediateprotection that works onsensitiveskintypes and reduced the risk ofsun-induced allergies.
Need help deciding which of oursensitiveskinrange you need?
If you aren't sure whether you, yourinfant or toddlerneedNIVEAsuncream forsensitiveskinor what SPF to take with you on that beach holiday we are here to help. Oursensitiveskinadvice section can tell you exactly what you need and how to tackle typical symptoms ofsensitiveskinsuch as redness, itching, persistent tightness and hypersensitivity and which of oursunscreen range is best for your and yourskintype. The help isn't limited to justsunscreen, we have a wide range ofsensitiveskinproducts for everyday regardless of whether you want help shaving delicateskinor just need a caring day cream.
Theskinafter exposure to thesun
Usingsuncareproducts should be part of yoursummercareregime, not only before you go out in thesun, but also during and after exposure to thesun. While asunlotion,sunspray orsunscreenprotects theskinfrom too much UV radiation, aftersuncarecools and soothesskinthat isstressed and irritated after exposure to thesun.Sunbathing dehydrates theskin, and chlorine or salt water also place an extra burden on theskin. Aftersunproducts provide relief and a pleasantlycoolfeeling on theskin. The excellentcareprovided by thecooling effect makes aftersunproducts an indispensable part of yourbeautyregime on warmsummerdays.Can an aftersunlotion help me keep mysuntan longer? Yes, thecareand moisture an aftersunproduct provide results in a longer-lastingsuntan. This is because dryskinsheds its cells faster, thereby losing its tan. Consistent application of an aftersunproduct combats this.
Aftersuncare: balm for theskinaftersunbathing
After a long day under thesummersun, theskinneeds all the support it can get. UV radiation places a burden on theskinand dries it out, which we experience as tautness and a burningsensation–NIVEAAfterSuncareproducts provide immediate help and relief. The ingredients and specially developedcareformulas are ideal forsensitiveskin, helping restore theskin’snaturalprotective barrier and assisting with regeneration and relaxation as part of your aftersuncareregime. The light,cooling texture allows for gentle and effective application of the aftersunproducts, which is particularly important for irritated andsensitiveskin. In addition to usingNIVEA’s AfterSuncareproducts, there is even more you can do for yourskinaftersunexposure: Take a break in the shade and then rinse theskinofsunlotion and sand, salt or chlorine under a lukewarm shower. Simply lightly pat theskindry with a towel and avoid rubbing too vigorously.Sunlight does not only affect theskin, it alsostresses your hair when it is in need of extra gentlecare. An extra rich shampoo or a hair treatment will provide your hair,stressed fromsunexposure, with long-lastingcareand keep it soft and healthy.
Aftersunor body lotion – what's the difference?
Environmental influences such as thesun, wind or water deprive theskinof moisture, while UV radiation places theskinunderstressand makes itsensitiveand irritated. Unlike a body lotion or body milk, aftersunproducts contain specialcareformulas that will not only restore moisture to theskinbut also soothe andcool. Thiscooling effect provides immediate relief and leaves a pleasant feeling on theskin.
LastingProtection for Peace of Mind
NIVEAProtect&Bronzerange ensures you are equipped with asunscreen that will provide effectiveprotection against UVA / UVB. Oursuncreams are expertly formulated to ensureskinis left feeling light and non-greasy, butprotected andhydrated. TheProtect&Bronzetan activating oils andsunlotions come in factors 20 and 30 so you can find the right SPF for yourskin's needs. And for an easysunprotection application, we have a range of spray onsunscreens, such as ourProtect&BronzeTan ActivatingSunSpray SPF30.
SunProtection Formulated Just For YouWe are sure you'll love our range ofsunlotions and tan activating oils, which are expertly formulated to not only provide effective environmentalprotection, but also to leaveskinfeeling great. If you're stuck for choice, why not try ourProtect&BronzeTan Activating OilSunSpray, withnaturalpro-melanin extract and our innovative anti-stains formula. We work hard to make sure yourskinis wellprotected from thesun.
What Does Reef SafeSunscreen Actually Mean
Manysunscreens contain chemicals that work to block theUV lightas a way ofprotecting yourskinfromsundamage. These same chemicals, Octinoxate and Oxybenzone, are known to cause reef bleaching which can lead to disease causing the coral to die. The number of people that go swimming in the sea while wearingsunscreen is a very large number, so it's important that we think about the impact we're making on the environment around us, which is why all of oursunscreens arereef safesunscreen.
Is Reef Safe The Same As Biodegradable?
No, reef safesunscreen is not the same as biodegradablesunscreen. Biodegradablesunscreen means it breaks downnaturallyin the environment over a reasonably short period of time. Although not allNIVEAsunscreen is biodegradable, our scientists have worked hard to producesunscreen that is. TheNIVEAProtect& Moisture range are all biodegradablesunscreens that are also reef safe. Thesesunscreens are just as effective atprotecting you fromsundamage and provide you with effective, water-resistantprotection when using them. Not only this, but these biodegradable and reef friendlysunscreens leaveskinfeelinghydrated and soft.
Why IsSunscreen Important?
Withoutsunscreen,skinis left susceptible tosundamage from UVA and UVB rays. This can causeprematureskinageingas well asskincancers if you're notprotecting yourskinwithsunscreen, which contain UV light filters to act as a barrier between yourskinand thesun. It's important to wearsunscreen every day, and most importantly when you're in thesun, so make sure to pick a reef safesunscreen or biodegradablesunscreen if you're concerned about the impact on the environment.Skinis the largest organ of the body and so it's important toprotectit with highly effectivesunscreens.
Why ChooseNIVEAGradual Tan?
Looking for the best self tanner? TheNIVEAgradual tan provides you with a gradual, verynaturallooking tan and radiant glow. This effective tanning cream has askinfirming formula containing powerfulQ10to improveskinelasticity in just 10 days, helpingskinto look tighter, firmer and plumper. Q10 is a very effective anti-ageing ingredient which helps to fight free radicals such asUV lightand pollution, common culprits for weakening theskins defensive barrier and causingpremature ageing.Skinis able to more effectivelyrepairand regenerate new cells when Q10 stores are replenished using this radiant gradual tan. Not only will theNIVEAgradual tan provide you with firmer, healthy-looking, and radiantskin, but you’ll be left with up to 48 hours of intensively moisturisedskin.NIVEAgradual tan featuresfreshscents ofrose, jasmine, peach and plum mixed with notes of bergamot, green notes and violet leaves to give you afreshandsummery scent rather than the dreaded biscuity scent that often comes with using fake tan products. It's a gradual tan that encapsulates the feeling of a holiday tan, by giving you a healthy, radiant andnaturalglow.
How To Get The Most Out Of Your Gradual Tan
We want you to get the most out of your gradual tan so that yourskinlooks as radiant as it can.NIVEAgradual tan is very easy to apply and doesn't require much work to get yourskinlooking fabulous, but here are some quick tips on how to get the realest fake tan you can:
1. Exfoliate
Remove deadskincells before applying your gradual tan so that theskincan easily and evenly absorb it.2. Apply after a warm shower
Skinishydrated after ashowerbut it can then dry out quickly, so applying adeeplyhydrating gradual tan like this straight away after showering will help to lock in all that extra moisture so yourskinwill look even more radiant. Remember to allow the product to dry completely before getting dressed.3. Wash your hands afterwards
Due to the light, silky formula ofNIVEAgradual tan, you can enjoy a streak-free tan using just your hands to rub it into your body – just like you would with your normal body moisturiser. But make sure you remember to wash your hands afterwards, as the palms of your hands can absorb tanning products more quickly than the rest of your body – and no-body wants tanned palms!
Why Is Gradual Tan So Popular?
Most people agree that feeling tanned feels great, and often we prefer how we look with a tan. This is because fake tan or anaturaltan gives you a beautiful, radiant glow which often gives you a little confidence boost. Many womenlove to look tanned all year round, and can’t rely on UK weather for anaturaltan, which is why they use a fake tan. Gradual tan is a safe way to feel and look tanned all year round without the health risk that comes with basking in thesunor achieving a tan with other methods. Higher factorsunscreensare becoming increasingly popular as people are now more aware of the risks of notprotecting theirskinfrom thesun. This means gradual tan is a much-preferred alternative for many people who want a beautiful healthy lookingsun-kissed glow.
NIVEAQ10 firming cream products to help relieve your concerns
NIVEAskinfirming body creams are formulated to help you fulfil your desire for firmerskin. The extensive list of Q10 body firming products available features a special ‘energy complex’: coenzyme Q10, L-carnitine and creatine. The enhanced body tightening collection includes firming body lotions, balms,oils and our gradual tan moisturiser, all ready to be effortlessly slotted into yourskincareroutine.
What you need to be looking for in body firming creams
NIVEAQ10 firming products are composed of three main ingredients, all of which are producednaturallyin the human body but decrease gradually with age. Once topped up through body tightening cream, you won’t want to be without!
Coenzyme Q10:Q10is an antioxidant, also known as Ubiquinone,naturallygenerated by the human body, with energy production as a main responsibility. Yet, its leveldrops gradually as you are getting older, but also due to certain health conditions. Profound for effectiveskinprotecting properties, helping the evenness of theskintone, but also to smooth yourskin's texture. A great combination to get a firmerskin.
L-Carnitine:an amino acid with the ability to turn body fat into energy, resulting in a revitalising effect on theskin.The ingredient is also known for being used in prevention ofcellulite.
Creatine:is being produced by the body and converted into energy while going through your organs. It contributes to energy supply to the cells of your body and has a verygoodvirtue to help diminish ageing signs.
This super trio forms a winning combination to create a range of products, including ourNIVEAQ10 60+ Body Lotion that embraces all of these ingredients, allowing for a wide list of beneficial components.
What are the benefits of body firming balms?
As anaturalprocess of life, yourskinloses some of its elasticity as you age, which may be something you would like to prevent or slow down, depending on your own perception. Firming creams can support you with this as it has the properties to increase collagen generation in a healthy way, which accompanies elasticity increase.
Yourskinitself is composed of fibroblasts, which have a significant role in increasing the collagen levels. A body tightening cream supports yourskinfibroblasts, in turn having a  positive impact on collagen and elastin generation, for firmerskin.
How should I apply a firming body lotion?
You can apply a firming cream on your entire body. You might however have more chances of seeing visible results on your thighs and buttocks area, since these have stronger muscle foundations, which helps with firmness. Your neck and face, on the other hand, are more likely to lose elasticity and collagen, meaning you might spot signs of ageing on these areas first. It is however important to note that despite the healthy components ofNIVEAQ10 firming products, it is recommended to read the product information of our products before use to ensure you are using them most effectively.
Deodorant: reliableprotectionWhether from exertion,stressor heat –sweatingis a normal reaction with which our body regulates its temperature. However, sweating can also quickly cause unpleasant odours and excessive moisture, especially under the arms. Modern deodorants counteract unpleasant odours and provide a feeling offreshness throughout the day. Antiperspirants, on the other hand, also counteract perspiration itself.Why you should use deodorantA product in stick, spray and cream form that preventsbody odouris called a deodorant. A common misconception is that sweat itself is what causes body odour, when this is in fact not the case. The smell of body odour comes from when sweat mixes with the bacteria on theskin, usually under the armpits, breasts and intimate areas. Deodorants kill bacteria or keep them from further multiplying. They also mask body odours with a pleasant fragrance. People who perspire very little by nature or who don’t wish to interfere with the amount of perspiration their bodies produce, are advised to choose a deodorant. Even those who consciously choose products free of aluminium salts should choose deodorant, because all the products in theNIVEArange that are called “deodorant” are guaranteed to be free ofaluminium salts.Deodorants and antiperspirants are most effective when used on cleanskin. To maintain a well-groomed feeling throughout the day, it is best applied in the morning straight after showering.A deodorant for all occasions: spray, roll-on or stickSpray, roll-on or deodorant stick – which is the best deodorant type for you? Manymenprefer the classic deodorant spray, while the majority of womenfind the best deodorant to be roll-on.A deodorant spray feels particularlyfresh. It rests gently on yourskin, keeping your armpits essentially dry so you can get dressed almost immediately. The hygienic application and wonderfulfreshscent are also some of the pros of using deodorant sprays. To get optimumprotection performance,shakeyour deodorant before use.NIVEAdeodorant sprays also come in a practical mini format forfreshness on the go! The movable ball in a roll-on deodorant ensures a simple application. Roll-on deodorants are very gentle on theskinso are also suitable for delicate andsensitivearmpits.As an overview, spray deodorants are popular for their hygienic application and the feeling offreshness they provide, deodorant sticks are considered environmentally friendly and deodorant creams have a particularlyprotective effect.If you want to be sure to avoid deodorant stains on your clothing, you should opt for deodorants that don’t contain aluminium to avoid the formation ofwhiteresidues onblackclothes or yellowish stains onwhitefabrics.Deodorant ForSensitiveSkin? TryNaturalDeodorantWhen it comes to finding the best deodorant for your body, it is important to know if you havesensitiveskinand if you prefer anaturaldeodorant or not. In order to find the rightdeodorant forsensitiveskin, it is important to check the product's components before you use it. We  have deodorants specialised forsensitiveskinas it is important to ensure yourskinis kept healthy and your sweat is under control.More and more people are switching tonaturaldeodorants that include no aluminium and parabens. The reason for the switch tonaturaldeodorants is often caused by the fact that aluminium has been linked to breast cancer, as well as the idea that aluminium unnaturallysuppresses perspiration by clogging the pores. This has also been linked to dryskinand rashes in certainsensitiveskintypes. Therefore it is important to have a look atnaturaldeodorants which work to mask the smell of any body odour. All of theNiveadeodorants however include no aluminium so are safe to use for everyone.
ExploreNIVEA's Spray Deodorant
NIVEA's spray deodorant are quick drying leaving you feeling and smellingfreshfor up to 48 hours. With a wide range of spray deodorants such as 0% aluminium, anti-stain, dry deodorant andmen's deodorant there is bound to be a deodorant for you.
A splash offreshness and intensive cleansingOne person wants to provide their body with intensivecareunder the shower, while another needs a splash offreshness to really wake up in the morning. Still others are looking for refreshment after a strenuous workout or want to save precious time when showering and moisturising their body.NIVEAhas developed a shower gel to satisfy every one of these needs.From enchanting the senses to intensive cleansingIf you are the kind of person who likes to imagine you are jumping into acoolocean or strolling through Mediterranean gardens while you are under the shower, an invigorating shower gel is the right choice for you.NIVEA’s revitalising shower gels smell wonderful, like a refreshing sea breezes, citrus or exoticfruitsand flowers, making them the perfect way to start the day in agoodmood. If you like to take long showers and wash away yourstressunder the soothing warm water,NIVEA’s gentle shower creams will do wonders for you and your body. Their wonderfully soft foam pampers theskinwith quality ingredients, while sophisticated fragrances enchant the senses.NIVEAis always looking for new fragrance inspirations, with the result that there is a great deal of variety in our shower gel range. You can therefore look forward to new shower gels to inspire you with wonderful fragrances all the time. Shower gels that contain quality oils give yourskina particularly intense nourished feel. They provide yourskinwith extra intensivecare, which is particularly advantageous for dryskin.Sensitiveskinwill benefit from a shower gel withnaturalcamomile extract, while very dryskinshould rely on extra-rich shower oils. With fine exfoliating particles that make theskinnoticeably softer, a shower scrub has a cleansing and nourishing effect.Shower gel for him – with a masculine fragranceMennaturallywant to give theirskinoptimumcarein the shower.NIVEAMENshower gels have distinctive masculine fragrances and formulas for healthy lookingskin. Give a particularlyfreshstart to the day with an invigorating shower gel that containsmenthol and smells of water mint. Special sportscareshowers are a real treat after a workout, thoroughly cleansingskinand hair and providing the body with renewed energy and long-lastingfreshness at the same time.Gently treated in the shortest timeShowering is not the onlygoodthing for your body – for soft, radiantskinit is important to thoroughly apply a body cream after showering. But many people skip this step due to lack of time in the morning or the feeling that some creams leave a residue on theskinif they are not entirely absorbed.NIVEA’s innovative In-shower products are revolutionising our shower and bodycareexperience. In-shower products are simply applied to wet, cleanskinand rinsed off under the shower. The result is an absence of any sticky residue – you are left only with beautifully nourished,velvetyskin.
Body cleansing products: innovationsYou may think that when it comes to body cleansing products, there’s not much more than creams and gels. But withinNIVEA’s product range, we offer so much more. The specialists atNIVEAare always looking for new, innovative textures and ingredients to deliver the results you’re searching for. So that’s why in our body cleansing range, we offer unique in-shower body lotions that can be used in the shower to save you time in the mornings while leaving yourskinfeeling completely soft and moisturized. And body cleansing mousses that have light-as-air textures to gently cleanse. Furthermore, we offer shower oils and creams with oilpearls to provide indulgently intensive moisture. Plus, our new addition to the body cleansing line is formulated with clay for a particularlydeepand purifying cleanse. In addition to our body cleansing products with innovative twists, you’ll always find all the highly effective classics you know and love.Influence your mood as you showerIt’s no secret that fragrances can strongly affect our mood. That’s why atNIVEA, wecarefully select fragrances that complement our body cleansing products, and why there is such a large variety of fragrances you can choose from – fromfruityand floral, to citrusy and marine.  If you’re looking to be wakened up during your morning shower, we offer exhilarating scents like lemongrass and moringa to give you a burst offreshness. Want something to calm you down in the evening before bed? Aromas like cocoa and honey will soothe your senses for the ultimate relaxation. If a mild,freshscent is what you’re after, we also have cotton andaquatic scents. Basically, if you’re looking for a fragrance to put you in a certain mood during your shower, we’ll have it in our vast lineup of body cleansing products
Energise and Revitalise Your Hands
NIVEAhand creams and hand lotions are scientifically formulated to ensure hands receive thehydration anddeepmoisturising they need. We ensure there is handcarefor everyone, whether you need an intensely nourishing hand moisturizer for dry and soreskin, a sheabutterhand cream for an extra smooth feeling, or softly fragranced hand lotion for hands that smell and feel great - we have something for all your hand moisturiser needs.
Finding The Best Hand Cream For You
If your hands arenaturallyprone to dryness and cracking, especially during the winter months, then a thick, long-lasting hand moisturizer is the one for you. This type of hand cream tends to resist hand washing and condition the hands for longer periods of time. For anti-ageing properties, we have a range of handcareproducts that can providedeepnourishment to improveskintone and boost collagen levels. Plus, reduce the appearance of age spots with ourLuminous630 and Q10 Anti Age hand creams.
Nourishing hand cream for allskintypes
Only the finest ingredients are used inNIVEAhand creams and hand lotions to ensure all our products provide the highest quality results. With ingredients such as almond oil,vanilla, ProvitaminB5, and more, our hand moisturizers willactively help to reduce the appearance offine lines and wrinkles. Discover the full handcarerange today.
TheNIVEAHand Wash & Hand Soap Range Of Products
Our hand wash and hand soaps contain a range of different ingredients to give you thecarethat you need. Our hand wash is also beautifully scented to leave hands not only feeling soft andcared for, but also feelingfreshand energised.Discover the hand wash range:
Indulging Moisture Cashmere Soap- this hand wash contains luxurious cashmere extract that helps toprotectyourskinwhile washing from becoming dehydrated and dry. It's scented with orchid and provides pHbalancedskinto leaveskinsmelling fabulous and provides noticeably soft and smooth hands after every hand wash.
Indulgent Moisture Honey Hand Wash- this pampering milk handwashprotectsskinwith every hand wash and is pleasantly scented with honey. Milk proteins gently moisturise and replenishskinleaving hands feeling refreshed and soft.
Rich Moisture Soft Hand Wash-protects hands while washing, and is enriched with theoriginalNIVEACremescent. It's a liquid soap containing provitamins and oils tocarefor hands and leave them noticeably soft.Explore our hand soap:
CremeCareSoap- This hand soap bar is also scented with theoriginalNIVEACremescent to leaveskinsmellingfreshand clean while containing provitamins and oils tocarefor your hands. This could be the best hand wash for you if you prefer soap bars and wantskinto feel pampered andcared for.
CremeSoft Soap Bar- This mild hand soapcares for your hands withalmond oilwhich gently foams and cleansesskinto leave them feeling smooth.
Why Is Using Hand Wash So Important?
You can only remove germs and bacteria from your hands if you're ensuring that you're washing them correctly. Hands go through a lot during the day and often you come into contact with lots of different surfaces and lots of different people, particular when you're commuting to work, cooking with raw meats, working in an office and many more. When you come into contact with all these different surfaces and people, germs can collect on your hands. You might then touch your face or mouth and spread these germs to your body where you can develope flu's, and infections. That's why it's important to find a hand wash or hand soap that not only thoroughly cleans your hands, but alsocares and restores yourskinso that your hands don't become rough, dry and sore. That's why we've worked hard to produce handwash that does both.Find out how to wash your hands properly with our step by step guide here.
Body
Why Should You Use AMen's Face Cream?
Theskinon your face experiences a lot throughout the day - it's exposed to pollution, all kinds of weather, thesun, hair removal fromshaving, and moves in a number of different ways. There are 21 different facial expressions that you could make, that's a lot of movement! All of this takes a toll on yourskinhealth, and can result in early signs ofageingsuch as fine lines and wrinkles, micro-tears from shaving, andsundamage fromUV light. That's why you should pay attention to the needs of theskinon your face and use a face cream formen.Men's face cream can be the soothing balm that yourskincraves todeeplyhydrate andprotectit from external elements.
Benefits Of Using AMen's Face Cream:1. Soothesskin
TheNIVEAMENSensitivemen's face cream range all provide relief from 5 signs ofskinirritation:BurningRednessDrynessTightnessItchinessThese face creams formenare all fast-absorbing, non-greasy, non-sticky and providehydration for up to 48 hours so you can havehydrated and soothedskinfor longer. Try theNIVEAMENSensitiveIntensive Moisturising Cream-Gel, it contains 0% alcohol and is enriched with caringChamomileto fightskininflammation andVitaminE, which is full of effective antioxidants, so you can have healthy-lookingskinevery day.2. Smooths fine lines and wrinkles
Ageing is an unavoidable and inevitable way of life which means we're all going to develop wrinkles at some point. Using amen's face cream helps to smooth these out as whenskinis dry, lines and wrinkles appeardeeper and more ingrained in your face.Men's face cream helps to fill these and makeskinlook more supple and rejuvenated.3. Replenishes theskin'sprotective barrier
When shaving or going out in some types of weather,skincan feel worn out and delicate. Using amen's face cream helps to replenish thatprotective layer on the surface of theskinused to help combat the effect of this. It's important thatskinisn't left exposed but iscared for with a face cream formenthat'll keep it feeling healthy.
Finding The BestMen's Face Cream For You
Different face cream formenshould be used for different types ofskin. If you find that you're shaving often, then amen's face cream designed tocareforskinpost-shave could be the best option for you. If you're looking for a daily, extra-hydratingmen's face cream then an intensive moisturising gel could be what you're after.Take a look at our extensive range ofmen's face cream to find the bestmen's face cream for you and yourskinwill feel healthy, soothed, andhydrated each and every day you use it.
Discover our advice onskincareformenhere.
Giftsets
Why Finding the BestMens Face Wash for You is Important
Without having agoodmens face wash as part of yourskincarearsenal, the rest of your routine and products become much less effective. Your face wash should lay the foundation for your moisturiser to work its magic on yourskinto keep ifprotected andhydrated. If you are applying your moisturiser on top of greasy and dirtyskin, yourskinis less likely to be able to absorb itsgoodness.
This is why it is important to find the best face wash that works for you and yourskin's needs. The bestmen's face wash for you will be one that is suited to yourtype ofskinand can reliably cleanse your face of daily dirt and impurities. As well as this, the bestmen's face wash for you will respect yourskin's moisturebalance, help prevent impurities and strengthen theskinbarrier.
Why is washing your face important?
If you have ever wonderedhow to get clearskinformen, your first port of call should be to ensure it is kept cleansed. Getting hold of the best face wash formenis a primary step to cleansingskin,fixing an unevenskintoneand promoting a healthy complexion. Here are a few reasons why regularly washing your face is important:1) HelpsSkinto StayHydratedSkinthat is dehydrated can feel uncomfortably rough, dry and tight. Not only that but without properhydrationskincan also begin to look aged and wrinkled beyond its years. Using a bestmens face wash twice a day and moisturising afterwards will help to promote a healthy pH level of yourskinand strengthen itsnaturaldefensive barrier, allowing it tobetterretain moisture so you can look and feel great.2) Promotes an Even & ClearSkinComplexionOurskinnaturallyproduces a substance calledsebumwhich acts as anaturalmoisturiser and defensive barrier against bacteria. However excess amounts of sebum can lead to clogged pores and increase the likelihood of breakouts. Sebum is not the only thing that can clog pores and lead to the appearance of spots andblackheads: throughout the dayskinis exposed to free radicals and dirt that can cling ontoskin, clogging pores and causing damage. Washing your face twice a day with a bestmens face wash will help to remove excess oils, dirt and impurities, uncloggingporesand leading to a clearerskincomplexion.3) KeepsSkinLookingGoodCleansing your face twice a day using amens face wash removes daily dirt and grease that can causeskinto look dim and run down. Washing your face helps to clear away all of this debris soskincan look sparkly clean and clear.4) Helps Your Moisturiser to Work More EffectivelyWashing your face is the foundation for the rest of yourskincareroutine and products to do an evenbetterjob. If your pores are clogged with excess oils and dirt, they cannot absorb the beneficial ingredients in your moisturiser. Cleansing your face prepares it to best absorb the nutrients in your moisturiser that help tohydrate and nourish yourskin.
7 Face Washing Tips forMen:
If you've taken the time to research the bestmens face wash andskincareformen, it is worth brushing up onhow to best wash your face. Here are a few tips that will help you wash your face:1) Make Sure Your Hands are CleanVery simply, before you apply your face wash, wash your hands. You're going to be using your hands to wash your face so you want to make sure they are clear of any debris so that you are not smearing dirt across your face. Another reason to do this is to make sure there is nothing on your hands that can cause irritation - if you've been cooking with chili powder, you don't want that on your face!2) Use Lukewarm Water & Pre-Wet Your FaceHot water can damage theskinon your face so it is always best to use lukewarm water, or cold if possible as that helps tighten pores.3) Use the Right Amount of Face WashThis may seem very obvious, but using too little face wash will not do a thorough job, whereas using too much is wasteful. The right amount is usually a squirt between the size of a 1p and 10p coin - this will vary on the size of your face, but is agoodjumping off point to find what works for you.4) Spread the Face Wash in Your HandsOnce you have dispensed your face wash, do not immediately apply it to your face. To help get a more even spread, first rub your hands together to evenly cover them both in the face wash.5) Apply Gently Using a Massaging Circular MotionInstinct may make you want to scrub all over your face, up and down and everywhere. However scrubbing vigorously can cause irritation, which is not what you want when trying to look after yourskin. Instead, massage themens face wash into yourskingently using a circular motion all over. Make sure to avoid getting face wash in your eyes, but if you do, gently rinse them immediately. Using your hands is also preferable to a cloth or other scrubs as they are gentler on yourskin.6) Thoroughly Rinse and Pat-Dry Your FaceEnsure once you have spread the face wash all over you rinse it off thoroughly, particularly around the eye area. Even though all of theNIVEAMENface washes are kind toskin, if any is left on your face and gets into your eye, this will still be uncomfortable. When you have rinsed the face wash, gently pat your face dry with a clean towel. Patting dry instead of scrubbing ensures you are not tugging on theskinand causing irritation.7) Moisturise After Every Face WashWhilst a best face wash formenwill respect theskin's moisturebalance, it is always important to fully replenish any and all moisture lost in the cleansing process. This will help yourskinremainhydrated and strengthen theskin'snaturalbarrier. If you don't already have a moisturiser, take a look at ourmen's moisturisersto find the best one for you.
The BestMen's Face Wash forSensitiveSkin
If you havesensitiveskin, try ourNIVEAMENSensitiveFace Wash.Carefully created formenwithsensitiveskin, this face wash provides instant relief from 5 signs of irritation: burning, dryness, tightness, itchiness and impurities. The 0% alcohol content,VitaminEandChamomileis particularly gentle toskinso you candeeply cleanse without causing irritation.
The BestMen's Face Wash for BeardedSkin
NIVEAMENDeepFace & Beard Wash is the best face wash formenwith beardedskin. Thismens face wash thoroughly cleansesskinand beard hair, clearing away impurities, dirt and excess oils. Withblackcharcoal, it alsoprotectsskinfrom drying out.
The BestMen's Face Wash for OilySkin
If you have particularly oilyskin, why not try ourNIVEAMENDeep1 Minute Mask? The formula is enriched withblackcharcoal and has been created to pull out trapped dirt and impurities whilst absorbing excess oils.
The Best Face Wash forMenwith NormalSkin
If you have normalskin, ourNIVEAMENProtect&CareFace Wash will probably be the bestmen's face wash for you. The refreshing formula is enriched withAloe Veraand Pro-VitaminB5 to thoroughly cleanse yourskinof impurities, dirt and excess oils whilst reinforcing yourskin'snaturalbarrier. For a feeling of revitalisedskin.
For all shave types
For some, a wet shave isn't for them. Manymenprefer a dry shave, though it's still important to soothe and disinfect theskinafter shaving with a moisturising after-shave product. And those who decide against shaving entirely and choose the current bearded trend should not, of course, omit facialcare. Theskinunder your beard can easily become dry and flaky. You should therefore use a light facial gel that is easy to apply in spite of beard hair. When shaving the body, basically the same principles apply as for the face: to remove hair gently, it always should first be soaked with shaving foam, shaving gel or shaving cream. Subsequently, thefreshly shaved and thus extremelysensitiveareas should be treated with a mild, alcohol-free aftershave balm.
With the right deodorants formenyou can face any situation.NIVEAprovides a variety of deodorants and antiperspirants that will give you a nourished,freshand dry feeling under the arms during your daily activities, in your leisure time and when exercising. Stick, deodorant spray, roll-on or atomizer: Here you will find the best male deodorant for each type.
Vitalfreshness and long-lasting deodorantprotectionWithmen’s deodorant fromNIVEAyou will begin every morning feeling refreshed – and will then enjoy reliableprotection against underarm wetness and unpleasant body odour for hours and hours. Moreover,NIVEAdeodorants formenhaveskin-friendly formulations and a large, delightful range of distinctively masculine fragrances.Men’s spray deodorant: The classic for everyday useSpray deodorants feel particularlyfreshand are therefore the undisputed no. 1 and the best antiperspirant deodorant formen. Theiractiveandcareingredients are quickly, easily and evenly distributed with the press of a button and the release of the fragrance is supported particularly effectively. The armpit is refreshed, pleasantly perfumed and lastinglyprotected against wetness. It is perfect formenwho are in a hurry in the mornings and want to get dressed as quickly as possible! It's also the best deodorant for sweatingmen. Our tip: In order to get maximum performance from a spray deodorant,shakeit well before use.
Practical and compact:Men’s roll-on or stick deodorantAre you looking for a deodorant to apply quickly and precisely after exercising or in the mornings? The practical applicator makes this particularly easy. If you are looking for a deodorant in a handy size and with a subtle fragrance, a deodorant stick or roll-on is your answer. The practicalmen’s stick deodorantsand roll-ons can be applied precisely, their creamy formulas leaving aprotective film on theskin. Is there another advantage? Of course –mens roll-on deodorant takes up very little space in sports bags and briefcases.A deodorant is not the same as an antiperspirantA deodorant provides reliableprotection against body odour, but does not prevent sweating. Deodorants inhibit the growth of odour-causing bacteria effectively. Amen's deodorant with antiperspirantprotection alsoprotects against perspiration. Formenwhonaturallyperspire little or do not want to influence their sweat response, a deodorant works well. Even those who deliberately avoid aluminium salts should use a deodorant. However, formenwho sweat more or want to reduce their production of sweat, an antiperspirant is the optimal choice.
48 hourfreshness
WithNIVEAMENdeodorants and anti-perspirant experience 24 hour to 48 hourfreshness. Don't worry about whether you're smelling at the gym, at work or at home, for easy application and those that don't use spray deodorant the roll-on and stick deodorant is perfect.
Why use roll on or stick deodorant?
- It's yours! No one is going to ask to borrow your roll on or stick deodorant.
- You apply more of theactiveingredient to the underarm for more effective sweatprotection
- Roll on and stick deodorant is often under 100ml making them perfect to travel with
Developed by theNIVEAMENteam ofskincareexperts - whether you're looking for aSensitivePost Shave Balm andSensitiveMoisturiser to add to yourskincarecollection or aSensitiveDeodorant,NIVEAMENsensitiveskinhas you covered.
Formulated withsensitiveskinat the heart, theNIVEAMENsensitiverange contains 0% alcohol* to minimiseskinirritation and uses 'kind tosensitiveskin' ingredients such asVitaminE,naturalChamomile and With Hazel, relievingskinof irritation and boosting theskin'snaturalprotective layer.
*no Ethylalchol
Suited for shavingsensitiveskin
When it comes to shavingsensitiveskincan put a man off, fortunately ourSensitiveShaving Gel is fragrance neutral so as to not upsetskin'snaturalbalanceand contain Chamomile and Hamamelis leavingskinhealthy.
Hair
NIVEAdesigned withmen'sskinin mind
NIVEA'sProtect&Careproducts are created withMenin mind tocaress theskinand provideprotection from the everyday irritants such as shaving, washing and the harsh city air. Our Post Shave Balm is built with ingredients such as Aloe Vera and Pro-VitaminB5 that soothe and regeneratesskinafter shaving, regenerating theskin'snaturalprotective barrier.
Protect&Carefor a closer shave
OurNIVEAMENProtect&Careshaving range contains caring ingredients toprotectyourskinfrom the cuts, nicks and tightness that typically comes with shaving. The aloe vera works to moisturise theskinand soften beard hair giving your razor a smooth glide and comfortable shave.
NIVEAMENDeepRange
Formenwho want to feeldeeply clean and refreshed explore theNIVEAMENDeeprange. From theNIVEAMENDeepPore CleansingMasktoNIVEAMENDeepShower Gelthe whole range is designed to make yourskinfeelbetter. With revolutionary ingredients such a microfine clay to absorb impurities and cleansedeeply you'll love theNIVEAMENDeeprange.
BlackCharcoal FaceCare
TheNIVEAMENDeeprange utilisesblackcharcoal from face cleansing to shower gel and even inNIVEAMENDeepAmazonia Antiperspirant  Deodorant Sprayfor long-lasting dryness and a cleanskinfeeling – just like after the shower. Theblackcharcoal absorbs dirt and impurities and cleanses even in the hardest to reach places like your beneath your beard.
Discover yourskintype withNIVEA's comprehensive guide. Understand the characteristics of differentskintypes and how to takecareof each one.
Read Time: 6 minutes
Visual inspection involves closely examining yourskin's appearance and texture in different areas of your face innaturallight.
Using blotting paper on your face can help to determine oiliness. For this test, press blotting paper against different areas of your face in the morning before cleansing.
The touch test involves feeling different areas of your face to assesstextureand moisture levels. After washing your hands thoroughly, use your fingertips to assess how yourskinfeels to the touch.
If you’re still unsure and would like a more conclusive analysis, you can visit askincareprofessional for a more accurate assessment. They can conduct tests and analyse yourskinunder controlled conditions to determine yourskintype.
CommonSkinTypes:Oily, dry, combination,sensitive, and normalskin.IdentifyingSkinTypes:Methods include visual inspection, blotting paper tests, and professional analysis.Causes of DifferentSkinTypes:Genetics, environmental factors, hormonal changes, diet, andskincareproducts influenceskintype.Managing Each Type:Follow a routine specifically for yourskintype, using ingredients beneficial for yourskin’s needs.
Properskincareis essential for maintaining healthy-looking and vibrantskin, regardless of yourskintype. Here’s how to manage differentskintypes effectively:
Cleanse your face to remove oil, dirt, and impurities.
Use a toner to rebalanceyourskin's pH levels and prepare it for subsequentskincareproducts
Apply treatment to help address specificskinconcerns such as aging signs, uneven texture, hyperpigmentation or blemishes, by delivering ingredients targeting the specific needs of eachskintype.
There are a number of serums suitable for allskintypes to targetskinsigns that appear at different times of life: fine lines and wrinkles, lack of firmness, dark spots, dull complexion and others. Their lightweight formulas have been designed so that they can be used by allskintypes.
Apply a moisturiser suited to yourskintype tohydrate and lock in moisture.
Applysunscreen with SPF 30 or higher as the last step of yourskincareroutine depending on the weather or season.Sunscreen helpsprotectyourskinfrom UV damage, premature aging andskindamage.Choose asunscreen that is suitable for yourskintype, whether it's a lightweight, matte finish for oilyskinor an extrahydrating formula for dryskin. Reapplysunscreen every two hours when exposed to directsunlight.
Do I have dryskin?
We often find that dryskin, just likesensitiveskin, requires a great deal ofcare.NIVEAhas developed products for you to facilitate your dailycare, because yourskincareis individually formulated for yourskintype. If you are not sure if you have dryskinor if you should be looking at one of the otherskintypes, take a close look at your face. Dryskinwill have a flaky appearance as soon as it is notcared for or moisturised, for example. It also feels rough. Because it issensitive, it is prone to redness. It often feels tight or itchy.
Get rid of the signs of everyday wear
Like any otherskintype, dryskinalso shows the signs of everyday wear. It is especially when theskinlacks moisture andlipids that it is particularlysensitive. When cleansing theskin, it is important not to exacerbate this condition.NIVEAis familiar with these characteristics and has designed special cleansing products for dryskin. We recommend that you applylipid replenishing creams after cleansing in the evening. For optimal cleansing,skinshould be rinsed as thoroughly as possible with lukewarm water.
Sufficientlipids will combat dryness
It is because of the lack of moisture that dryskinis sosensitive.NIVEAproducts address this problem. To best address dryskin, it is important to improve theskin’s ability to retain moisture. This can be done in particular by strengthening theskin’snaturalprotective barrier. Nurturing ingredients that add oils to theskinare especially beneficial to thisprotective barrier. It is therefore advisable to useskincareproducts containing oils during your morning and eveningskincareroutine. Additional moisturising products are also important.
In order to maintain its own (protective) functions, yourskingenerally requires both an optimum level of moisture and an intact (lipid) barrier. Depending on theskintype, it is therefore advisable to look for differentcareproperties in yourskincareproducts. Dryskinrefers toskinthat is lacking in both moisture andlipids.
Skinis rough and chapped with fine pores, it cracks easily and is often tight. Dryskinalso becomes itchy easily and can besensitiveto temperature changes. Dryskinbecomes a problem especially in air-conditioned rooms or in the winter. Theskinlacks moisture and “fats” (skinlipids). In addition to providing theskinwith the ideal moisturiser, it is therefore important to build up theskin’sprotectivelipid barrier again.
The best advice is to use a rich moisturiser that restores to theskinwhat it lacks – moisture & fats (lipids), which also ensure that theskincan thenbetterretain the moisture it receives by strengthening the important barrier function.
In order to provide dryskinwith sufficient moisture, we recommend that you use day and nightcareproducts that contain fats. Moisturising substances are particularly important. The drier yourskinis, the richer thecareproduct should be.
Suffering from greasyskin? Discover the main causes of oilyskin, tips to reduce excess oil and aNIVEAskincareroutine to maintain it.
Read Time: 5 minutes
Causes:Genetics, hormones, age, climate, diet,stress, andskincarehabits.Recognition:Shiny T-zone by midday, frequent breakouts, visible pores, and greasy feel.SkincareRoutine:Cleanse gently twice daily, moisturise with lightweight, non-comedogenic products, exfoliate regularly, and always use SPF 30+sunscreen.
Introducing ingredients such as Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide into yourskincareroutinecould also help those with oily blemish-proneskin. They complement each other as Salicylic Acid penetratesdeepinto theskin's pores to clear excess oil and deadskincells, while Niacinamide helps sootheskinand make it more radiant. These two ingredients work together to make yourskinclearer and more radiant.
Redness insensitiveskin
Althoughsensitiveskinis not a disease, its typical symptoms such as redness or persistent tightness have a negative effect on well-being. The hypersensitivity of theskincan manifest in various ways, from itching to redness. Sensitivity is a common occurrence – up to 54 percent of people havesensitiveskin. If you suffer from redness after showering or unpleasantly tight facialskin, you are probably experiencing asensitivereaction. A particularly gentle cream will provide yoursensitiveskinwith exactly what it needs – gentlecarefor any time of the day.
Characteristics and causes ofsensitiveskin
Sensitiveskinis the result of external factors, such as environmental conditions, and a corresponding predisposition. Besides genetic influences, however, factors such as age and psyche also play a significant role.Sensitiveskinis characterised by an unpleasantsensationon theskinwith redness, tightness and rough areas. It is often also accompanied by unpleasant itching. Many people withsensitiveskinalso reactsensitively to external influences, such assunlight, temperature, rough fabrics orskincareproducts. Particularly lightskintypesalso reactsensitively to UV light.
Caretips forsensitiveskin
You don’t have to tolerate itchy, tightskin–sensitiveskincareis the best recommendation forsensitivepeople of any age. Use special creams and cleansers forsensitiveskin. When selecting the right face and bodyskincareproducts forsensitiveskin, choosing products with a neutral pH value is of particular importance. Specialcareproducts forsensitiveskinare also often free of ingredients such as dyes, parabens, perfume and silicones. Asunprotection factor is effective against the effects of UV radiation from thesun, such as prematureskinageing. Light day and night creams are among the most popular facecareproducts forsensitiveskin. These creams have a particularly mild formula and effectively address the typical tight feeling ofsensitiveskin. Your daily facecareroutine should furthermore include a gentle cleansing fluid that also removes make-up residues. Even thoughskincareshould be reduced to the essentials forsensitivefacialskin, a cleanser is a necessity. Thisskincareproduct is especially suitable for blemishedskinthat is prone to pimples andblackheads, as well as for combinationskinwith an oily T-zone. If yourskinreactssensitively, it isbetterto use a gentle cleanser instead of granular scrubs.
Learn about the combinationskintype andskincareroutines for combinationskinwithNIVEA.
Combinationskincan be a bit of a battlefield. It’s a mix of normal and oilyskintypes. Some can find it difficult to manage, but with the right information and products, you can develop a helpful and caring routine – and we have the info to help!
Take a scroll and discover some wonderful tips and tricks to help you make the most of yourskintype,carefor it, and learn to love it!
Let’s cover all the bases, from the ground up: what does combinationskinmean? Split between normal and oily, your T-Zone can become an oil-slick with zero notice. The excess oil in these T-Zone areas results in collections of impurities which can clog the pores. This often results in blemishes and pimples, creating regular breakouts across your nose, chin, and forehead at a moments’ notice. Then, when you try products to reduce the oil, you can, inadvertently, dry out other parts of your face.
It’s a bit of a balancing act. Some people think that, because combinationskinhas some oily areas and some normal to dry areas, they can spot-treat certain areas. This can often be difficult, as the specific products might intertwine at points and make dryness or oiliness worse – the exact opposite of what you want.
We recommend using products especially designed for combinationskin. Using one product across your face is much easier than trying to define the specific zones of oily or dryskin!
There are 6 mainskintypes: combination, dry, normal, blemished,sensitive, and mature. And they all have specific needs. Thegoodnews is, once you discover yourskintype, you can learn how to manage the problems that crop up, address yourskin’s needs, and work on boosting your complexion’s radiance.
Are you still wondering “what is combinationskin?” or “what does combinationskinmean”? Asmentioned above, it’s a combination of two types, typically with an oily t-zone, chin, and/ or forehead, and dry/ normal cheeks.
If you’re still not sure whatskintype you have, you can check out our article“What is myskintype?”.
The long and short of it – no, you can’t definitively change yourskintype. That being said you can change yourskincare, take control, and make the most of yourskintype.
It’s worth noting that combinationskintends to be more of an issue for teenagers and young adults. As you age, yourskinoften changes. Sometimes, it can become much drier. So you may find that you need to re-adjust yourskincareroutine throughout your life. But that’s ok – it’s always a nice idea to try new products as science is always working hard behind the scenes to develop new and exciting products.
The first step in your journey should be figuring out yourskintype – remember there’s a wonderfulNIVEAarticle linked above that can help you do that.
Now, if you’re still reading, you’ve probably gone from asking ‘what is combinationskin?’ to asking thinking ‘yes, that sounds like me’. Now, you can start working with it instead of against it! What do we mean by that? Well, some people react to an oily T-zone by assuming they have overall oilyskinand can use products designed for thatskintype. This, unfortunately, will dry out the other parts of your combinationskin, creating new problems and making yourskinfeel like even more of a nuisance.
Once you’ve found your actualskintype, it’s easier to create askincareroutine for combinationskinand refine your complexion.
You might have some key questions, like ‘what’s agoodskincareroutine for combinationskin?’ Or even ‘what’s the best moisturiser for combinationskin?’ and ‘what’s the best cleanser for combinationskin?’. Well, we have some great information for you – just keep reading.
Shopping for a new moisturiser can be daunting. But when looking for the best moisturiser for combinationskin, we have some great options.
Ourwide range of day creamsis designed to ensure that allskintypes are as loved andcared for as they deserve to be. With each productcarefully formulated, all our creams ensure great quality for yourskin, and a smooth and well-rounded appearance.
If you’re concerned about a shiny T-Zone or chin due to your combinationskin, we’d recommend a mattifying cream!
Many people look for the best cleanser for combinationskin! Ourrange of gentle cleansersare designed to optimise and refine your complexion. We’d particularly point you towards some of our refreshing gel cleansers, packed full ofVitaminE to reinforce theskins barrier as well as moisturising components to help yourskinfeel revitalised in no time.
Don’t forget to use daily for the best results.
The first thing you’ll want to do is search for a few primers, powders and other products tailored to combinationskin.
There are plenty of options available from loose powders to powder compacts. You can also try a setting spray – these will set your makeup and hopefully keep excess oil at bay.
If you have a busy day planned, it’s agoodidea to pack a few oil-absorbing products with you.
People with combinationskinoften find that the forehead, nose, and chin become shiny throughout the day due to the excess oil production in those areas.
We recommend a powder compact for on-the-go touch ups. These often come with an easy-to-use puff applicator. Or if you prefer, you could always carry a travel makeup brush with you. Alternatively, you can purchase blotting papers – these are oil-absorbing papers often stored in a little box or tissue dispenser which you can lightly blot along problematic oily areas of the face. This is a great choice if you’re worried about your make-up appearing ‘cakey’, and a brilliant thing to use if you don’t wear a lot of makeup.
Some people think that thesunshinefixes theirskin– gets rid of the oil, clears up blemishes, and more. But you knowbetterthan that! Unfortunately, this method for less oily and slightly clearerskinwould come at a price –skindamage and aging, and excessive dryness.
Specially designed facialsuncreams will help you avoid damage as they cater toward the delicate facialskin. They’re often lighter thansuncreams designed for the body, which helps prevent unsightly breakouts. And –goodnews – there are oil-free versions that are perfect addition to yourskincareroutine for combinationskin.
Remember –suncream isn’t just for holiday. We recommend applying asuncream daily to maintain that youthful glow.
Brisk mornings, blasting winds, and sudden cold temperatures.
One thing you might not have considered is the excessive use of central heating! More time spent indoors with the heat blasting can really dry out yourskin. So we advise giving it an extra dose of moisture. Don’t stray from products tailored to your special combinationskin, but maybe opt for one with a little more moisture than yoursummerchoice.
And, of course, don’t forget to stayhydrated! Just because it’s cold outside, doesn’t mean you should forget the importance ofhydration to yourskinhealth.
We started out with a few questions, like “what does combinationskinmean?” and “what is the combinationskintype all about?”. We hope these hints and tips give you a little more insight into creating askincareroutine for combinationskin. If you want to learn more about otherskintypes andhow to get glowingskin,click here.
Always remember, yourskinis beautiful! But with a few tweaks to yourskincareroutine, you can boost yourskin’s health, your self-confidence and show everyone how radiant you really are.
What is “normalskin”?
Everybody knows that manyskintypes, such as dry or very oilyskin, require specialcare. In contrast, people often think normalskinis very easy tocarefor. But even normalskinneeds the rightskincareproducts. How do you know that you have normalskin? Smoothness is typical characteristic of normalskin. In addition,skinlooks even and has small pores. Thanks togoodblood circulation, it has a healthy, rosy complexion. A key strength is that it is neither too dry nor too oily, which makes it feel supple to the touch.
Take the first step in caring for normalskin
To ensure that your normalskinkeeps its healthy and beautiful appearance for a long time, it is important to cleanse yourskinregularly. Even if you do not use make-up, dirt and grease that canstresstheskinand leave their mark accumulate on theskin. Theskinis generally considered to be a reflection of the soul. Hardly any other human organ reflects your particular state of mind as much as the appearance of yourskin. We therefore recommend daily cleansing for normalskin. This should be done every night. For soft and gentle cleansing, use a cleansing milk specially formulated for thisskintype. Usingskin-friendly cleansing substances is important for daily cleansing. Forfacial cleansingin particular, it is advisable to avoid using soap, even if you have normalskin. ManyNIVEAfacial cleansing products are therefore soap-free.
The season makes a difference
Skincarefor normalskinchanges with the seasons.NIVEAcreams have abalanced moisture and fat content, providing optimal support for yourskin.NIVEAhas developed lightweight moisturisers especially forsummer. In winter, creams with a higher fat content are ideal. They offer normalskinoptimalprotection from very cold temperatures. Rich products are ideal for your eveningskincareroutine; these should also vary between winter andsummer.
THE RIGHT BODY MOISTURISER FOR MATURESKINLess elasticity, lost tautness and a drier feeling are the first signs of matureskin. With the rightcare, yourskinwill stay taut for longer and always look nurtured.
With over 25 years of research on the powerful coenzyme Q10, ourskincareexpertise constantly improves to ensure effective and advanced wrinkle reduction solutions. As a result, the Q10 Anti-Wrinkle Power – Extra Firming Day Cream now has an improved new formula – the powerful combination of Q10 and creatine to deliver a duo collagen boost.* Clinically proven to firmskinin 7 days, Q10 enhancesskin’s own power and collagen, while creatine provides an immediate extra boost for collagen and elastin production.
Q10 is an incrediblenaturallyoccurring coenzyme in the body. While our cellsnaturallycontain Q10 – the amount decreases over time. This leads toskinlosing its elasticity and becoming more prone to fine lines and wrinkles forming. Replenishing these levels of Q10 is essential. By supporting theskin’s own function to effectively reduce wrinkles from within,skinstays asfreshand powerful as we feel.
Creatine is anaturalsupplement known for supplying energy to the body. In the case ofskincare, our scientists have harnessed its properties to supply instant power and extra energy to boost the production of collagen and elastin on top of the Q10. Experienceskinresilience and effectively reduce wrinkles from within.
TheIn- Shower Q10 Firming Body Lotion. provides yourskinwith moisture even when showering. Simply apply, rinse off and benefit from softer, more tonedskin.
Przeciwutleniający koenzym Q10 występujenaturalnie w organizmie, gdzie jest wykorzystywany przez skórę do wzrostu i utrzymania. Poziom Q10 w ciele spada wraz z wiekiem.Poznaj naszą gamęNIVEAQ10 Power, która wspiera produkcję Q10 w skórze, zapewniając skórze dojrzałejnaturalny zastrzyk. Nasza oferta mocy Q10 - obejmująca kremy do cery dojrzałej - na noc, kremy pod oczy i balsamy do ciała - chronią komórki przed dalszym uszkodzeniem i spowalniają proces starzenia poprzez ujędrnienie, odżywienie i rozświetlenie.
Retinol stymuluje produkcję kolagenu i może pomóc cerze dojrzałej odzyskać blask. Bez recepty retinol, który znajduje się w większości produktów do pielęgnacji skóry, występuje w różnych stężeniach i formułach, od kremów na noc po serum. Retinol działa poprzez stymulację szybszego obrotu komórek skóry (który staje się wolniejszy wraz z wiekiem), pozostawiając odmłodzoną, miękką skórę - jak u dziecka. Sprawia jednak, że skóra staje sie bardziej wrażliwa na słońce.Nasza liniaNIVEAPureBakuchiolto roślinna alternatywa dla retinolu, która wzmacnia kolagen i ożywia zmęczoną skórę. Jest delikatniejszy od retinolu, dlatego można go stosować zarówno w dzień, jak i w nocy.
Cera dojrzała często cierpi na matowość. Przeciwutleniająca witamina C może pomóc przywrócić zdrowy blask zmęczonej skórze. Witamina C działa poprzez zakłócanie produkcji pigmentu i chroni skórę przed zanieczyszczeniem środowiska i stanami zapalnymi. Może nawet poprawić skuteczność ochrony SPF - codzienny niezbędny dla cery dojrzałej.
Skóra dojrzała skłania się ku przesuszeniu, które może wyssać blask i pozostawić matową i gładką cerę. Kwas hialuronowy (tak naprawdę nie jest kwasem) to kolejna substancja występująca w organizmie, obecna w wielu produktach do pielęgnacji skóry.Wraz z wiekiem nasz organizm wytwarza mniej kwasu hialuronowego, niezbędnego do wiązania wody i ujędrniania skóry. W efekcie skóra jest napięta, sucha i matowa, a na skórze zaczynają pojawiać się zmarszczki. Produkty z kwasem hialuronowym działają jak "kocyk" dla skóry, nawilżają i amortyzują oraz są prawdziwym dobrodziejstwem dla potrzeb cery dojrzałej.
Skóra dojrzała nie jest jednym rodzajem skóry – uwydatnia wiele różnych typów skóry, w tym tłustą, mieszaną lub suchą – a najlepszy krem nawilżający dla skóry dojrzałej to ten, który działa indywidualnie na typ Twojej skóry.Wybór kremu nawilżającego z silnym składnikiem aktywnym, który ma na celu ukojenie dojrzałej skóry, zapewni Twojej cerze dodatkowego, potrzebnego odżywienia. Kremy nawilżająceNIVEAQ10 Power to dobry początek, ponieważ widocznie ujędrniają skórę i redukują zmarszczki w ciągu siedmiu dni, a jednocześnie pobudzają produkcję kolagenu, który w efekcie ujędrnia zmęczoną skórę. .
Stosuj krem do opalania
Codzienna pielęgnacja cery dojrzałej powinna polegać na ochronie skóry przed promieniami słonecznymi UV, które niszczą elastynę i kolagen w skórze, przyspieszając oznaki starzenia.Im wcześniej w swoim życiu zaczniesz codziennie używać produktów SPF, tym lepiej chroniona będzie Twoja skóra w miarę starzenia się. Nie możesz odwrócić oznak uszkodzenia słonecznego, ale możesz zapobiec dalszym oznakom nadmiernej ekspozycji na słońce.Nakładaj filtrSPFnawet w pochmurne dni i podczas upałów, noś kapelusz z szerokim rondem i załóż okulary przeciwsłoneczne, jeśli jest promiennie — powtarzające się ruchy, takie jak mrużenie oczu, mogą powodować zmarszczki.
Find out whatwhiteheads are, what are their causes and how to treat them.
Whiteheads can occur on various parts of the body where sebaceous glands are present. Here's a list of common areas wherewhiteheads may develop:Face: Spots on the T-zone area (forehead, nose and chin) are commonly linked to higher levels ofstressand fatigue. Thosewhiteheads around the cheeks could appear due to excess consumption of dairy, sugar products and red meat.Chest:The chest area can be subject to friction from clothing, especially tight or non-breathable fabrics. This friction, along with irritation from sweat and other environmental factors, can contribute to the development ofwhiteheads.Back:Backwhiteheads can be quite common, particularly in individuals who engage in physical activities and tend to perspire heavily. The combination of sweat and excess sebum can create a conducive environment for the formation ofwhiteheads, as the moisture and oils mix with deadskincells and can become trapped within the pores.It's essential to note that whilewhiteheads can develop in these areas, the causes and treatment approaches may vary. Consulting a dermatologist can effectively guidewhitehead management in specific body areas.
Causes:Whiteheads occur when excess sebum production combines with the accumulation of deadskincells, leading to blocked hair follicles. These follicles create a favourable environment for the growth of acne-causing bacteria and inflammation.Treatment:This involves regular cleansing and exfoliation to prevent pore blockage, moreover, topical products with ingredients like Salicylic Acid or Benzoyl Peroxide can help to unclog pores and reduce inflammation. However, in some cases, prescription medications or procedures are recommended by a dermatologist for more severe cases.Prevention:A consistentskincareroutine with gentle cleansing, non-comedogenic products, andstressmanagement to control hormonal fluctuations could help to prevent them.
Incorporating a gentle,hydrating toner into the routine offers several advantages. It aids in maintaining theskin's pHbalanceand effectively eliminates excess dirt, oil and makeup. TheNIVEADermaSkinClear Tonercould help tohydrate theskinwhile rebalancing it.
Remember - If you notice any signs ofskinirritation, you should immediately stop the procedure and consult your GP for advice.
Discover the causes ofblackheads, learn effective prevention strategies, and explore targeted treatments to achieve clearer, healthierskin.
Blackheads are tiny dark spots that appear when pores are clogged with sebum and deadskincells. Unlikewhiteheads, they remain open at the surface, causing the trapped material to oxidise and turnblack.
Dermatologists advise that there is no immediate way to safely removeblackheads from yourskinwithout risk of infection and inflammation, but there are a few things you can try to help reduce their appearance, these include:
Consistency:Stick to yourskincareroutine daily for the best results in preventingblackheads.Clean Makeup Tools:Regularly clean makeup brushes and sponges to avoid bacteria buildup that can contribute toblackheads.Avoid Touching Your Face:Reduce the transfer of oil and dirt from your hands to your face.
What are acne marks and acne scars, why do they form and how can their appearance be improved?
Read Time: 14minutes
There are six distinct variations of acne scars. So, the first step in your acne-relatedskincarejourney should involve correctly identifying the type that you have - but what exactly are they?
Hyperpigmentation, the aftermath of acne breakouts, can play a significant role in the formation of red, brown, and dark spots on ourskin. Through understanding this process we can demystify their appearance and learn how to potentially get rid of red marks left by spots.
After an acne lesion heals, it often leaves behind darker patches ofskin. This is particularly common in individuals withdeeperskintones.PIH, or post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation, occurs due to an overproduction of melanin, the pigment responsible forskin, hair, and eye colour. When acne causes inflammation, the body responds by increasing melanin production, resulting in discoloration and the development of those unwelcome spot marks.
Caused by the dilation of blood vessels near theskin's surface, red spots appear soon after a pimple heals. Although not true scars, they do contribute to the overall appearance of post-acne discoloration. Patience is key here, as these spots take time to fade away.
The journey towards healing and fading of acne scars is a complex process, influenced by a variety of factors. Fromskintype to scar type, and even individual healing processes, each element plays a role in the timeline and effectiveness of scar resolution.
When it comes to addressing acne marks and scars, there is a wide range of over-the-counter treatment options available to cater to different scar types and individual preferences.
Several over-the-counter products containing scar-reducing ingredients can be seamlessly integrated intoskincareroutines to help reduce acne marks and scars:
While over-the-counter products can effectively address mild scars and marks, it's crucial to approach their usage with patience and consistency.
For those seeking holistic scar management,naturalremedies offer potential benefits. While they may not produce immediate results, these remedies may help to gradually fade acne scars and marksnaturally. Let's explore key ingredients and considerations for effective use.
Addressing the symptoms of acne promptly may reduce the chances of scarring. Always avoid squeezing or picking at pimples as this can worsen inflammation, spread bacteria and increase the risk of scarring.Maintaining a healthy lifestyle which includes abalanced diet, regular exercise, and sufficient sleep, can contribute to overallskinhealth. Stayinghydrated and minimisingstressmay also help prevent breakouts.By integrating these preventative measures andskincarepractices into your daily routine, you can create a shield ofprotection against acne scars and marks.
Remember, consistency is key – nurturing yourskinwithcareand patience lays the foundation for a clearer and more resilient complexion.
Regular exfoliation aids in the removal of deadskincells, which can help to prevent pore blockages and promote an overall smoother complexion. Opt for a gentle exfoliant containing Salicylic Acid and/or Glycolic Acid to further refine theskinand reduce pore build-ups.
Prevention is the first and perhaps most important step to addressing acne marks and scars. It’s key to avoid picking or popping blemishes as this may worsen their appearance and lead to scarring.
One way to reduce the symptoms of acne is to use cleansing products that contain Niacinamide and Salicylic Acid - two ingredients that are capable of workingdeepinto the pores to refine overallskintexture. You can find them in theNIVEADermaSkinClear range, which has been formulated specifically to reduce the symptoms of acne.
Are you breaking out all of a sudden? Here is everything you need to know about breakouts on the face & body. Including the most common causes and prevention tips.
Read Time: 8min
There are several types of breakouts that can affect theskin, here are five common types ofskinbreakouts:
Understanding the type of breakout you're experiencing is crucial for choosing the right treatment approach, as different types of breakouts may require different strategies for management and prevention. Consulting with a dermatologist can help determine the most appropriate course of action for your specificskincondition.
Breakouts can occur on various parts of the body, but some areas are more commonly affected than others. Here are some common areas where breakouts tend to occur:
Understanding the specific causes of yourskinbreakouts can help tailor an effective treatment and prevention plan.
1. Characteristics:Breakouts are a commonskinconcern characterised by the sudden appearance of pimples or blemishes on the face, chest or back.2. Causes:Factors contributing to breakouts include excess oil production, clogged pores, bacteria, hormonal changes and certain medications.3. Prevention:Goodskincarepractices, such as regular cleansing, exfoliation and using non-comedogenic products, can help prevent breakouts.4. Treatment:Over-the-counter or prescription treatments like Salicylic Acid, Niacinamide, Benzoyl Peroxide and topical antibiotics are effective for managing and clearing breakouts.
TheNIVEADermaSkinClear Range is designed for a night timeskincareroutine, consisting of vegan-friendly products to help combat the visibility of blemishes. The range combines three main ingredients; Niacinamide, Salicylic Acid and Glycolic Acid, to help revitalise blemish-proneskin.Cleansing:
Use a gentle cleanser to wash your face twice a day, in the morning and evening to remove dirt, excess oil and impurities from yourskin's surface. TheNIVEADermaSkinClear Wash Gelhelps to remove unwanted sebum to help avoid the appearance of new impurities. This gel is also formulated with Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide to help reduce and prevent reappearance of blemishes.
Exfoliation:
Exfoliating yourskin1-2 times a week with a mild exfoliant can help to remove deadskincells and prevent clogged pores. Made with Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide, theNIVEADerma Anti-Blemish Scrubis specifically formulated for blemish-proneskinto help unclog pores and reduce the appearance ofblackheads andwhiteheads without drying out theskin.When exfoliating, it's important to be gentle to avoid over-exfoliation, which can be counterproductive.
Toner:
Use a toner to helpbalanceyourskin's pH levels and remove any remaining traces of dirt or makeup. TheNIVEADerma ClearSkinToner,for blemish-proneskin, is formulated with Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide, to help rebalancetheskinandhydrate it without clogging pores.
It's important to remember to be patient with yourskincareroutine for breakouts. Results may take time, and consistency is key. If your breakout is severe or persistent, consider consulting a dermatologist for personalised advice and treatment options.
Preventing breakouts on yourskininvolves a combination ofgoodskincarehabits, a healthy lifestyle, and being mindful of factors that can trigger acne. Here are some tips to help prevent breakouts:
Breakouts are primarily caused by clogged hair follicles due to a combination of excess oil, deadskincells and bacteria.
To prevent breakouts, maintaingoodskincarepractices, avoid pore-clogging products, keep yourskinclean and manage factors likestressand diet.
Some people find that certain foods, like dairy or high-glycemic foods, can trigger breakouts. It's not the case for everyone, but paying attention to your diet and its impact on yourskincan be beneficial.
Popping pimples can lead to scarring and infection. It's generally best to avoid it and let them healnaturallyor seek professional extraction.
Yes, hormonal fluctuations during puberty,menstruation, or pregnancy, can trigger breakouts in some individuals.
Look for products with ingredients like Salicylic Acid or Benzoyl Peroxide, and ensure they are labelled as non-comedogenic (won't clog pores).
Improvement timelines vary, but with consistent treatment, you can often see results within a few weeks to a few months. With consistent use of theNIVEADerma range, you could see visible improvements in 7 days.
Somenaturalremedies like Tea Tree Oil or Aloe Vera may help, but they might not work for everyone. Consult a dermatologist for guidance.
Yes,stresscan lead to hormonal changes that exacerbate breakouts. Managingstressthrough relaxation techniques can help.
You should consult a dermatologist if your breakouts are severe, persistent, or if over-the-counter treatments are ineffective. They can provide tailored treatment options.
Discover all you need to know about sebum, why sebaceous glands produce too much, and whether you can reduce sebum excess, withNIVEA
Read Time: 4 minutes
Sebum is essential forskinhealth thanks to the moisture andprotection it provides. However, when sebaceous glands produce more sebum than necessary, it can lead to variousskinconcerns such as:
Sebum:Anatural, oily substance produced by sebaceous glands that keepsskinmoisturised andprotected.Excess Sebum:Can lead tooilyskin, acne, and enlarged pores, often caused by hormonal changes, diet,stress, and genetics.Clogged Pores:Result from excess oil from sebaceous glands,deadskincells, and impurities, causing commonskinissues such as pimples andblackheads.Management:Regularskincleansing accompanied by the use of moisturisers adapted to oilyskincan help control sebum levels and prevent pores from becoming clogged.
The primary consequence of clogged pores is the development of blemishes. When pores are blocked, it creates an ideal environment for bacteria to thrive, which can lead to blemish breakouts.
Learn what causes pimples, ways to get rid of or prevent them from forming, and a bespokeNIVEAskincareroutine to promote a clearer complexion.
By following these actions and quick tips, you can reduce the appearance of pimples, helping theskinlook clearer and healthier. However, for longer-term clearskin, pimple-proneskinneeds regularcare. A dailyskincareroutine specially designed for blemish-proneskinis essential to unclog pores, regulate sebum production, reduce the appearance of pimples and help prevent their appearance.
Causes:Clogged pores from excess oil, deadskin, promoting bacterial growth and inflammation. Hormones,stress, makeup, and environmental conditions can influence sebum production and the appearance of pimples.Treatment:Regular cleansing and exfoliation prevent pore blockage.Skincareproducts with Salicylic Acid or Niacinamide help to unclog pores andbalancesebum production.Prevention:Be consistent with yourskincareroutine, managestress, eat well, and keep hands and face items clean. Avoid squeezing pimples.
Prevent ingrown hairs and work towards smooth, evenskinwithNIVEAs expert guide on ingrown hairs.
Read Time: 9 minutes
Ingrown hairs can develop due to a combination of factors, which can vary from person to person. Understanding these causes can help you take preventive measures:
To minimise the occurrence of ingrown hairs, consider the following general tips:
What is an ingrown hair?Hair trapped beneath theskin, causing redness and bumps, often after shaving or waxing.Varied appearanceIngrown hairs can manifest as small red bumps, pustules, or painful lumps, with appearance influenced by factors like hair type and grooming practices.Hair growth directionShaving or waxing against the direction of hair growth can increase the likelihood of ingrown hairs.How to get rid of ingrown hairsTo get rid of ingrown hairs, gently exfoliate the affected area and apply a warm compress, then use a clean needle or tweezers to free the trapped haircarefully.
Ingrown hair on legs
Ingrown hair armpits
Ingrown hair on the face
Ingrown beard hair
Ingrown hair in intimate area
ProperCareand Prevention
To address an ingrown hair spot or bump, follow these steps for propercareand prevention:
Avoiding ScarringTo minimise scarring caused by ingrown hairs, consider the following:
1. Preparation
Choose the Right Razor:
Use a clean, sharp, and preferably single-blade razor. Multi-blade razors can cut the hair below theskin's surface, increasing the risk of ingrown hairs.Exfoliation:
Exfoliate yourskinregularly, 2-3 times at least a week is recommended. Use an exfoliating product with Salicylic or Glycolic Acid,  this helps remove deadskincells that can block hair follicles, leading to ingrown hairs.  TheNIVEADerma Chemical Exfoliator is suitable for daily use and utilises the benefits of Salicylic Acid & Glycolic Acid to help achieve clearer-lookingskinin just 7 days.Warm Shower:
Take a warm shower or use a warm, damp cloth to soften the hair and open up your pores. This makes shaving easier and will reduce the likelihood of causing any ingrown hairs.
2. Shaving
Use Shaving Cream or Gel:
Apply agood-quality shaving cream or gel to create a lubricated surface for the razor to glide smoothly. A shaving gel or cream specialised forsensitiveskinis preferred as this will avoid irritation that can lead to ingrown hairs.NIVEAMENSensitiveShaving Gelis an alcohol-free shaving gel which has Chamomile extract to help towards a smooth, irritant-free shave.Shave in the Direction of Hair Growth:
Always shave in the direction that your hairnaturallygrows. Shaving against the grain can increase the likelihood of ingrown hairs.Don't Apply Too Much Pressure:
Let the razor do the work. Applying excessive pressure can cut the hair too closely to theskin, leading to ingrown hairs.
3. Post-ShaveCare
Cold Water Rinse:
After shaving, rinse your face with cold water to close the pores and reduce irritation.Apply an Aftershave balm:
Use an alcohol-free aftershave or a moisturising balm to soothe andhydrate yourskin. Look for products with ingredients like Aloe Vera or Chamomile.NIVEAMENSensitiveCoolPost Shave Balmis an alcohol-free balm with Chamomile extract. Itcools and provides intensive, long-lastinghydration for ultimateskincomfort.
4. Maintenance
Regular Moisturising:
Keep yourskinmoisturised daily, even on non-shaving days. Dryskincan lead to hair follicle blockage and ingrown hairs.Change Razor Blades Regularly:
A dull razor can tug on hair and cause irritation. Change the razor blade or cartridge as soon as it starts feeling dull.
Products containing ingredients like AlphaHydroxy Acids (AHAs) or Retinols can help reduce scarring from ingrown hairs.
Read on to learn 6 causes, 6 prevention tips, and 7 improvement options for texturedskin.
Texturedskinis the term given toskinthat appears raised or uneven in certain areas. Texturedskincan appear anywhere on the body, but you’re more likely to notice it on your face where it may feel bumpy and dry to the touch. It’s often the result ofenlarged pores, acne, or acne scarring.It’s impossible to achieve completely flat, smoothskinbecause to do so would mean having no pores - and pores play avitalrole in keepingskinhealthy.
However, there are ways to prevent and minimise the appearance of texturedskin. These include at-home solutions such as using an exfoliation scrub,retinolserum and products containing alphahydroxy acids (AHAs).
Rough, texturedskincan appear on different parts of the body and for various reasons. Common areas include:1. Back: since this area has a large surface area and is difficult to reach, deadskincells can build up and give the appearance of texturedskin. Additionally, any pimples or acne scarring may be more difficult to resolve in this area and also contribute to uneven texture.2. Face:miliaand clogged pores on the face can become enlarged over time, leading to an uneven texture.Sundamagealso contributes by breaking down theskin’s collagen, leading to alack of elasticityand an uneven appearance.3. Neck: similarly, since this area is likely to be exposed to thesun, UV radiation will break down theskin’s collagen production over time.4. Legs: rough or bumpyskinon the legs may be caused by general dryness or, in some cases, a condition called keratosis pilaris (KP), which is a build-up of a protein called keratin.5. Arms: your arms may also experience KP and have small bumps as a result.
1. Ageing: as we age, theskinnaturallyloses its ability to readily produceelastinand consequently loses firmness, leading to an uneven texture2. Dryness: dryskin, which may be the result of psoriasis or KP, can feel rough to the touch and may appear flaky, contributing to an overall textured appearance3. Acne: persistent and severeacnecan leave theskinwith pitted scars that leave theskinlooking uneven4.Sunexposure: as we’ve covered, excess exposure toUV radiationcan break down theskin’s collagen causing it to lose elasticity. Thesuncan also cause theskinto become dry or rough, especially if you experiencesunburn5. Genetics: genetics play a large role in your overall appearance andskintexture. If a parent and grandparent struggled with unevenskintexture or enlarged pores, then you’re more susceptible to experiencing it too6.Skinconditions: conditions such as eczema, psoriasis and rosacea can cause rough, unevenskintexture and dryness.
Identifying the underlying cause is the first and most crucial step in getting rid of texturedskinsince it’ll give you guidance on which solutions to pursue. If you’re still unsure, consult your dermatologist for a professional diagnosis and solution recommendation.
-VitaminC: this particularly effectiveskincareingredient is widely regarded for having multiple benefits.VitaminChelps to control excess sebum production with its anti-inflammatory properties, reducing the possibility of pimples and clogged pores- AHAs:Glycolic Acidis a popular example of an AHA, a chemical that’s suitable forsensitiveskintypes. This ingredient works by removing the top layers ofskinto revealfresherskinbeneath and also stimulates collagen and elastin production. You can find this in theNIVEADermaSkinClear Chemical Exfoliator, which also contains Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide todeeply clean and refineskinpores.- Retinol: can help to stimulate cell turnover and control sebum overproduction by regulating the sebaceous glands.Retinolcan also help to improve the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles,skintone and overall texture.- Anti-inflammatory topical ingredients: texturedskinmay be the result of inflammation, so to mitigate this you can use soothing topical ingredients such as Aloe Vera,Niacinamideand Turmeric.
- Collagen support: usingskincarecontainingcollagenpeptides (a topical form of collagen that can be absorbed by theskin) can help to plumpskinandlips. It can also help to ease inflammation and improve theskinbarrier, which may have become damaged from over-exfoliation.-Hydrating ingredients: seeking out humectant ingredients is a great idea since they retain lots of moisture.Hyaluronic Acidis an example of this, which you can find in a number ofNIVEAproducts.- Professional options: laser therapy, chemical peels, micro-needling, and microdermabrasion are examples of clinical procedures available through professional providers. Speak to your dermatologist if your condition doesn’t improve after trying conventional, at-home options.
Remember, some options may not be suitable for everyone, so we recommend consulting a dermatologist before making any drastic lifestyle changes or adopting a newskincareproduct.
This will prevent yourskinfrom drying out, which in itself would otherwise create a rough texture, but it will also prevent your pores from overproducing sebum and developing pimples
Apply a layer of factor 30 (if not higher) SPF before leaving the house and avoid long periods ofsunexposure. This will help to avoid the breakdown of collagen by UV radiation. Opting for a facesunscreen can be a convenient way of remembering this step. For an ultra-light solution, try theNIVEASUNUV Face Specialist TripleProtectSunFluid SPF 50+, which provides effective, sweat-resistantprotection while providing a smooth and visibly healthy-lookingskin
Regular cleansing, avoiding touching any pimples, and consulting a dermatologist are all ways of soothing acne - ultimately, try to address acne before it turns into scarring and unevenskintexture
Regular exfoliation has many benefits when it comes toskintexture. Gentleexfoliationcan scrub away deadskincells and promote new growth, helping to unclog pores and reduce the appearance of acne scars. Use a gentle scrub or a chemical exfoliant, such as an AHA or BHA.
AHA examples include:Glycolic Acid and Lactic Acid, which can improveskintexture and toneAn example of BHA:Salicylic Acid, is great for clearing dirt and oil fromdeepwithin pores
Including too many in yourskincareroutine may strip theskinof itsnaturaloils, leading to dryness and irritation
As with manyskin-related issues, your first port of call should be a healthy lifestyle. Get 7-8 hours of sleep each night, eat abalanced and varied diet full of fruit and vegetables, and exercise regularly.
Noticing brown patches on yourskin? Here is everything you need to know about dark spots on the face & body. Including the most common causes and askincareroutine you can adopt to reduce their appearance.
Read Time: 11min
Dark spots can appear on various areas of the body due to factors likesunexposure, ageing, hormonal changes, andskintrauma. Here are four common areas where dark spots often occur:
Serum:Apply a serum that could help brighten yourskinand fade dark spots. TheNIVEACellularLuminous630 Anti Dark-Spot Face Treatment Serumformula contains Thiamidol to target existing pigmentation, lighten spots and reduce their size. Dermatologically tested and suitable for allskintypes, it offers a gentle and approved approach toskincare.Formen, theNIVEAMENAnti-Age 2 in 1 Power Serumcan help to tackle dark spots. It is formulated with Thiamidol andHyaluronic Acid tohydrate, combat wrinkles and diminish the size of brown marks. The serum offers a convenient solution formenseeking effective anti dark spotcare.
Moisturise:Select a moisturiser that effectivelyhydrates yourskinwithout causing pore blockages. Maintaining properskinhydration can significantly improve its overall look and feel.
Melasma is a form ofskindiscolouration. Here is everything you need to know about what melasma is, its causes, if you can get rid of or prevent it, and askincareroutine you can adopt to reduce its appearance.
Shielding yourskinfrom harmful UV rays is crucial in managing melasma. Wear broad-spectrumsunscreen with a highsunprotection factor (SPF50+) daily, even on cloudy days, and reapply regularly. Additionally, consider wearing wide-brimmed hats and clothing that covers exposed areas when outdoors and get into the shade when the UV index is high.
Professional chemical peels performed by a dermatologist can help exfoliate theskinand reduce the appearance of melasma. Chemical peels work by removing the top layers ofskin, revealingfresher, less pigmentedskinunderneath. Different types of peels, such as Glycolic Acid orSalicylic Acidpeels, may be recommended based on yourskintype and severity of melasma. However,caremust be taken, as these treatments can sometimes cause melasma to worsen or lead to post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation.
Characteristics:Development of brown or grey-brown patches, typically appearing on the face, particularly on the cheeks, forehead, chin and above the upperlipCause:Commonly associated with hormonal changes or excesssunexposurePrevention:Sunprotection measures, including regular use of broad-spectrumsunscreen, seeking shade and wearingprotective clothing could help prevent the development or worsening of melasmaTreatment:Topical treatments, medications, chemical peels and dermatological procedures are available. Someskincareroutine solutions may also improveskinradiance and reduce dark spots.
Cleanse your face to remove dirt and impurities to promotebetterabsorption ofskincareproducts. TheNIVEARefreshing Face Wash Gelis enriched with Lotus Flower andHydramine® to effectively cleanse theskinand remove impurities, while maintaining theskin's moisture level.
Apply an anti-spot serum to help fade pigmentation spots and even outskintone.NIVEACellularLuminous630 Anti-Dark Spot Face Serumcontains Thiamidol that acts on existing pigmentation while balancing the new production of melanin. Its formula helps to lighten spots, reduce their size and minimise their reappearance, for more even andluminousskin.
The ultimate guide on aftershave balm - discover what aftershave balm is, how to use it and its benefits forskin.
Aftershave lotions are used for their refreshing effect and pleasant fragrance. They often contain alcohol, which can have a drying effect, but also moisturising ingredients such asGlycerin,Aloe Vera, andVitaminE to rehydrate theskin. Aftershave lotions arebettersuited to normal to combinationskin.
Aftershave gels have a lightweight, gel-like texture that absorbs quickly into theskinwithout leaving a greasy residue. They provide instantcooling and soothing effects, making them suitable for individuals with oily or combinationskin. Aftershave gels often contain ingredients likeWitch HazelorMenthol, which help soothe and refreshtheskin.
Aftershave creams have a rich and creamy texture that offersdeephydration and nourishment to theskin. They are thicker than lotions, providing avelvety feel without feeling heavy or greasy. Aftershave creams are suitable for allskintypes, especially dryskinin need of extra moisture andprotection.
Aftershave balms have a thicker consistency that can vary depending on the formula. Some have a thicker consistency, while others may have a more fluid consistency, somewhere between a lotion and a cream. Often rich in emollients and soothing ingredients they can provide intensehydration, soothe irritation, and support thenaturalrepairof theskin's moisture barrier. Aftershave balms are ideal for individuals withsensitiveordryskin, as they offer long-lasting comfort and nourishment.
When choosing an aftershave, consider yourskintype, preferences, and any specific concerns you may have. Experimenting with different forms of aftershaves can help you find theidealproduct that suits your needs and enhances your shaving experience.
Benefits:Provides soothing relief andhydration, leavingskinsmooth and refreshed after shaving.Use:Used after shaving to reduce irritation and redness.Application:Apply a small amount of to your hand and then gently massaging it into theskin.
Start yourskincareroutine by cleansing your face. Cleansing is the foundation of anyskincareroutine as it removes dirt, oil, and impurities accumulated on theskin's surface throughout the day.
After cleansing, shave using your preferred shaving cream or gel. For a smooth and comfortable shave, opt forNIVEAMENSensitive0% Alcohol* Shaving Foam. Dermatologically tested and formulated with Chamomile andVitaminE, it softens beard hair ensuring a close and smooth shave while instantly shielding yourskinfrom common signs of irritation due to shaving.*without ethyl alcohol
After shaving, theskincan be left feelingsensitiveand prone to irritation. This is the perfect time to apply a soothing aftershave balm that also helps to replenish moisture levels.
NIVEAMENSensitive0% Alcohol* Post Shave Balmwith Chamomile andVitaminE targets the 5 main signs of post-shave irritation: burningsensation, redness, dryness, feelings of tightness and itchiness. Its non-sticky, non-greasy texture provides long-lastinghydration and a feeling of comfort.
*without ethyl alcohol
For optimal absorption and effectiveness, it's recommended to apply the aftershave balm when theskinis still damp after shaving.
Follow up with a moisturiser to keep yourskinhydrated and nourished throughout the day. TheNIVEAMENSensitiveFace Cream is an alcohol-free*, fast-absorbing, non-sticky and non-greasy cream that soothes the five signs ofsensitiveskinirritation: burningsensation, redness, dryness, the feeling of tightness and itchiness. The light formula with Witch Hazel extracts intensively moisturises yourskinfor 24 hours** to help yourskinfeel comfortable and smooth.*without ethyl alcohol**instrumental test, 35men
Lastly, it's important to applysunscreen. Broad-spectrumsunscreen providesprotection againstUVA and UVB rays, shielding theskinfrom harmful radiation. Dailysunprotection is crucial, regardless of weather conditions orskintype, helping to maintain healthy and youthful-lookingskin.
Aftershave balm is askincareproduct applied to theskinafter shaving to soothe signs of irritation and moisturise. Unlike aftershave splashes or lotions, aftershave balm has a slightly thicker consistency and provides morehydration to theskin. Its formula is generallybettersuited tosensitiveskin.
Yes, most aftershave balms are formulated to be suitable for allskintypes, includingsensitive, dry, and oilyskin. However, this may vary depending on the product's formula, so it's advisable to check that the product you choose is suitable for yourskintype. Individuals with specificskinconcerns or allergies should check the ingredients list for any potential irritants.
Aftershave balm should be applied immediately after shaving, while theskinis still damp. Gently massage a small amount of balm onto the shaved areas to soothe irritation and lock in moisture.
Aftershave balm can potentially aid in preventing razor burn by providing moisture to theskinand mitigating signs of irritation. Opting for aftershave balms containing soothing ingredients such as Aloe Vera and Chamomile may contribute to soothe theskinpost-shaving.
Yes, many aftershave balms are specifically formulated forsensitiveskinand contain gentle ingredients that help soothe and nourish theskinwithout causing irritation. Choose a product that is alcohol-free (ethyl alcohol), designed forsensitiveskinand dermatologically tested for tolerance. Patch testing on a small area ofskinis recommended before full application.
Yes, incorporating aftershave balm into your shaving routine can still benefit yourskinby providinghydration andprotection against environmentalstressors. Even if you don't experience immediate irritation, aftershave balm could help maintain healthy appearance of yourskinover time.
Yes, aftershave balm can be used without shaving. While it's designed to soothe and moisturise theskinpost-shave, it also provideshydration and soothes forsensitiveor dryskin, making it suitable for non-shaving purposes as well. However, you can also use specificskincareproducts, such as facial moisturisers designed forsensitiveskin.
Discover 6 benefits of incorporating a serum into your 4-step routine.
Dr. André Mahns, Head of Global Development FaceCareat Beiersdorf AG. With a doctorate in biology and over 15 years of experience inskinresearch at Beiersdorf, Dr. Mahns has an in-depth understanding of the science behindskincareand cosmetic ingredients.Look for his expert insights throughout the article under the sections "A word from our expert."
Facial serums are formulated to promotedeeppenetration of ingredients into the epidermis (top layer of theskin). Their thin consistency allows them to absorb faster, deliveringactiveingredients where they are needed more quickly.
Face serums are often designed to address specificskincareconcerns such as ageing, hyperpigmentation,hydration, or blemishes. They contain high concentrations ofactiveingredients likevitamins, antioxidants,Peptides, orHyaluronic Acidto tackle these concerns more effectively.
Unlike heavy creams, face serums have a lightweight texture that feels comfortable on theskin. They do not leave a greasy or sticky residue, making them suitable for mostskintypes, including oily and blemish-proneskin.
Due to their special formulation and generally higher concentration ofactiveingredients, facial serums often deliver more visible and faster results than otherskincareproducts.. They can help to improve the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles,dark spots, and unevenskintone with regular use.
Face serums can be easily layered with otherskincareproducts such as moisturisers andsunscreens. They can be an effective first step in yourskincareroutine without interfering too much with the absorption and effectiveness of subsequent products.
Many face serums contain antioxidants likeVitaminC,  andVitaminE, which helpprotecttheskinfrom environmental aggressors such as pollution and free radicals generated by UV rays. Combined with the use ofsuncreams and other methods ofprotection, this can help prevent the signs of premature ageing and maintain theskin's health.Overall, incorporating a face serum into your dailyskincareroutine can help improve the healthy appearance of yourskinby targeting specific issues and, depending on the formula, helping to provide moistureprotection.
Face serums withHyaluronic Acid orGlycerinhelp todeeplyhydrate and plumpdryskin. These ingredients attract moisture to theskin's surface, providing longerhydration and helping to improve theskin's texture and appearance.
Consult a dermatologist:If you have askincondition that you want to address, it is best to consult a dermatologist.Consider the texture:Although lightweight, facial serums can have different textures, such as gel, liquid or oily. You may want to choose the texture that feels the most comfortable on yourskinand that you feel layers best with.
Targeted:A face serum helps to target wrinkles, unevenskintone and dullness, depending on the potent ingredients it contains, in order to penetrate theskinin depth.Quickly absorbed:Facial serums are absorbed by theskinquickly and help to deliver noticeable improvements faster than creams due to their concentrated formula.Versatile:Face serums are versatile and usually suit mostskintypes thanks to their lightweight textures and ability to help create a shield against environmental damage.
Serum layering refers to the practice of applying multiple serums in oneskincareroutine to address differentskinconcerns. You may already use one serum, but layering two or more serums can enhance yourskincareroutine by combining the benefits of variousactiveingredients. Serums usually have lightweight formulas, allowing them to be applied one after the other without overwhelming theskin. You can layer several serums depending on yourskin’s needs, but it’s essential to pay attention to which ones combine well.
A word from our expert:Layering serums allows you to customize yourskincareroutine based on yourskin’s changing needs. Starting from a rather dryskincondition, theNIVEACellularExpertFillerVitaminC Serum was already able to providegoodmoisturising performance. We then layered theNIVEACellularExpertFillerHyaluronReplumping Serum with theVitaminC Serum: the entire face was clearly moisturised on top."" – Dr. Mahns**
TheNIVEALUMINOUS630 Even Glow Serumhelps unlock yourskin’snaturalradiance with a powerful blend of caring ingredients. ContainingLUMINOUS630, Niacinamide and Aloe vera, it evensskintone, refinesskintexture and providesfresh, instant and long-lastinghydration.Its lightweight, fast-absorbing formula provides instant luminosity without feeling heavy or greasy. Designed for effortless daily use, it fits seamlessly into yourskincareroutine—whether worn alone or under makeup. Perfect for those who want smooth, radiant, and healthy-lookingskin.
TheNIVEACellularExpert Serums are designed to target yourskin’s unique needs, offering a personalized approach toskincare.
Yes, you can apply two serums but choose ingredients that complement each other and layer them from thinnest to thickest for best absorption. It is also important to wait until the first product is completely absorbed before applying the second.
Discover the benefits of adding a toner to yourskincareroutine
W swojej najprostszej formie, tonik jest płynnym środkiem nawilżającym. Ta wodnista substancja jest pełna dobroci, dzięki czemu stanowi swego rodzaju superżywność dla Twojej skóry. Podobnie jak woda, tonik zawiera tlen i wodór (ale znacznie więcej), a także ważne witaminy, kwasy (jak kwas salicylowy i niacynamid), przeciwutleniacze i substancje przeciwzapalne. Kiedy wszystkie te składniki są połączone, potrafią zdziałać cuda, aby Twoja skóra wyglądała jak najlepiej.
Chociaż nazwa sugeruje, że jego głównym zadaniem jest tonizowanie skóry, tonik może zrobić o wiele więcej. Przy regularnym stosowaniu, tonik świetnie sprawdza się w utrzymywaniu nawilżenia skóry, oczyszczaniu i zwężaniu porów, przywracaniu równowagi pH i zmywaniu nadmiaru olejków. A jeśli Twój ulubiony tonik ma właściwości przeciwzapalne, pomoże również zmniejszyć zaczerwienienia spowodowane trądzikiem lub wypryskami.
- Pomaga zrównoważyć skórę po zastosowaniu preparatu oczyszczającego- Zapewnia dodatkowy poziom nawilżenia i usuwa nadmiar olejów- Rozjaśnia pory- Potencjalnie zmniejsza lub zapobiega oznakom starzenia się skóry- Wprowadza ważne składniki odżywcze i witaminy dla zdrowszej, szczęśliwszej skóry
Tonizując skórę przed złuszczaniem lub stosowaniem zabiegów pielęgnacyjnych, wprowadzasz dodatkowe składniki odżywcze i witaminy, aby uzyskać długotrwałe rezultaty. Żeby zapewnić skórze wszystko, czego potrzebuje, zaleca się wykonanie poniższych czynności.- Przed rozpoczęciem oczyszczania twarzy upewnij się, że usunęłaś makijaż.- Zastosuj tonik-Złuszczaj(nie częściej niż dwa do trzech razy w tygodniu) i spłucz- Zastosuj preparat pielęgnacyjny, jeśli go używasz- Nawilżaj i pozostaw do wchłonięciaCzy zmywać tonik?
Nie ma potrzeby spłukiwania toniku z twarzy, zamiast tego można pozwolić mu wsiąknąć i dać skórze wchłonąć jego odżywcze składniki.
TONIK ODŚWIEŻAJĄCY CERA NORMALNA I MIESZANAjest doskonałym, uniwersalnym produktem, jeśli chodzi o wybór toniku, który będzie dla Ciebie najlepszy. Został on stworzony z myślą o oczyszczaniu, nawilżaniu, równoważeniu pH skóry i pobudzaniu jej do działania dzięki witaminie E. Jeśli jeszcze nie stosowałaś toniku jako części swojej rutyny pielęgnacyjnej, to jest to doskonały moment, żeby zacząć.
Aby uzyskać najlepsze rezultaty, lekko wykropkuj i delikatnie masuj skórę, zamiast machać lub ciągnąć.1.         Umyj twarz produktem oczyszczającym i usuń makijaż.2.         Zacznij od wklepania płatków pod brodą i delikatnie przesuwaj je w górę twarzy, przez skronie i w kierunku czoła, lekko uciskając.3.         Przesuwaj się w kierunku środka brwi, kontynuując lekkie oklepywanie i masaż po obu stronach nosa, a następnie na zewnątrz, pod oczami i wzdłuż kości policzkowych4.         Uważaj, aby nie zbliżać się zbytnio do ust lub powiek, które mogą być bardziej delikatne5.         Kontynuuj drugą rundę na obszarach, na których prawdopodobnie znajdziesz dodatkowe martwe komórki skóry, czyli także tych, na których często występują zmarszczki - po obu stronach oczu, pod brwiami i na czole6.          Daj tonikowi kilka minut na wchłonięcie i wykonanie swojej pracy, zanim przejdziesz do kolejnego etapu pielęgnacji skóry. Nie ma potrzeby spłukiwania lub zmywania toniku z twarzy.
Mimo, że tonik zapewnia skórze dodatkową dawkę miłości i pielęgnacji, nie jest to absolutna konieczność. Każdy rodzaj skóry jest inny. Jeśli chciałabyś zwęzić pory lub zauważyłaś, że Twoja twarz staje się dość tłusta (co jest bardzo powszechne, zwłaszcza u nastolatek przechodzących okres dojrzewania), wprowadzenie toniku do Twojej rutyny może być satysfakcjonującym eksperymentem.Jeśli często borykasz się z frustrującymi objawami trądziku lub wyprysków i pragniesz delikatnego ukojenia, przyjrzyj się produktowiNIVEADERMASKINCLEAR TONIK NORMALIZUJĄCY, który zawiera inteligentne składniki kontrolujące wypryski, takie jak niacynamid i kwas salicylowy.
NIVEAoffers a range of toners, to suit different tastes andskintypes. Whether you’d like something that has an uplifting scent attached to it, like theNIVEARoseCare2-in-1 Cleanser & Tonerwith OrganicRoseWater, or you’re looking for a double-action cleanser, combing toner and milk, like theNIVEA2-in-1 Cleanser & Toner, you’re in the right place.
Explore Micellar Water benefits, how to choose the right one, and tips for using it in your routine.
OilySkin:Removes excess oil and sebum from theskin’s surface without drying it out, reducing the risk ofclogged poresand breakouts. By reducing oil on theskin’s surface, it helps keep theskinlooking less shiny and morebalanced.
DrySkin:Cleanses theskingently without causing irritation or dryness, making it suitable for those with dryskin.
SensitiveSkin:Formulated to be gentle and soothing, making it an ideal choice forsensitiveskintypes prone to irritation. TheNIVEAMicellar Water Soothingformula is enriched with cleansing Micelles and Amino Acids to cleanse and soothe theskin, calm, and leave no residue.
Blemish-ProneSkin:Helps remove excess oil and impurities that can clog pores and cause breakouts. The gentle nature of the formula in micellar waters usually reduces the chance of irritation, which is crucial for blemish-proneskin.
Purpose:Micellar Water grabs dirt, oil, and makeup without harsh scrubbing.On-the-Go Clean:No rinsing needed! Quick and convenient for anyskintype.StayHydrated:Keepsskin'snaturalmoisture intact, so no dryness or tight feeling.
NIVEASkincareIngredients
People are always looking for the next bestskincareingredient and claims are always being made about the new ingredient that can ‘cure anyskincareconcern’. But how much truth is there behind these claims? The key is to understand whatskintype you have and what you want to achieve with yourskincareroutine.The bestskincareingredients are ones that compliment yourskinand provide a specific benefit. These can range from ingredients that help to prevent acne, to ones that help to keep yourskinmoisturised.Read ourskincareingredient checker guide to understand the benefits ofNIVEA’s key ingredients and how you can incorporate them into yourskincareroutine.SkincareIngredient CheckerWe’ve created askincareingredient checker guide to provide you with extra information about the ingredients in ourskincareproducts, which products to find them in and the benefits that they provide.
Luminous630
One of our most popular & bestskincareingredients is our patentedLuminous630. A result of extensive research and development, ourLuminous630 ingredient is our most effective at treating dark spots on theskin. Whether they’re caused bysunexposure, ageing or hormonal changes,Luminous630 helps to visibly reduce the appearance of dark spots in as little as 4 weeks.
This magical ingredient can be found in ourLuminous630 range, which includes effective day & night creams, intense serum, a dark spot control SPF50sunfluid, luxurious hand cream and energising eye cream.Discover the range and find the perfect product for reducing dark spots anywhere on the body.
Bakuchiol
Bakuchiol is relatively new amongst the bestskincareingredients, but it’s no less effective. Created as a plant-based alternative to retinol, bakuchiol isbettersuited forsensitiveskinand pregnant women- and when sourced responsibly, it is also sustainable. AtNIVEAwe are committed to caring for our planet as well as ourskincare, which is why we are invested in creating vegan-friendly, sustainable products, just like bakuchiol.Similar to retinol, bakuchiol is an antioxidant, which means it offers the ability to combat wrinkles, alleviate acne and evenskintones - an impressive trifecta of benefits for yourskin. Harnessing the power of bakuchiol is ourCellularExpert Lift range, which comes in the form of powerful day & night creams, as well as a sculpting face sheet mask to remodel, plump and smooth your face.Explore our range and uncover the benefits of bakuchiol for yourself!
Q10
Coenzyme Q10 is a powerful antioxidant that is found in all the cells in your body. It is essential for energy production and helps to recharge and rejuvenate yourskin, on a daily basis.As we age, ournaturalproduction ofcoenzyme Q10decreases, leading to the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. However, adding Q10 into yourskincareroutine can help to reverse thisnaturalprocess, combating wrinkles. As an antioxidant, Q10 also fights off free radicals, which helps torepairyourskinsnaturaldefence barrier, keeping yourskinbetterprotected against external aggressors. It also has the ability to enhance collagen production, which keeps yourskinfirmer and helps prevent signs of ageing. This plethora of benefits is why Q10 is one of the bestskincareingredients we offer!OurNIVEAQ10 range is specially formulated to support theskin’snaturalcreation of Q10, combat the appearance of wrinkles and enhance collagen production. Our range includes a wide range of products, to suit your every Q10 need - from firming body lotions & recharging eye creams, to revitalising day & night creams.
VitaminE
Used for over 50 years,vitaminEis very popular throughout theskincaremarket and is one of the most commonskincareingredients. It's a powerful antioxidant that can also be found in foods, such as; seafood, green vegetables, nuts, seeds and vegetable oils.
Overexposure to thesuncan reduce the levels ofvitaminE in yourskin, whichkickstarts the early signs ofskinageing. By applyingvitaminEskincareproducts, you canprotectyourskinfrom these early signs of ageing caused by damaging UV rays.VitaminE is also an effective antioxidant, which fights external aggressors from causing spots, dryness and other impurities.Explore our range of products containingvitaminE to understand why it’s considered one of the bestskincareingredients.
VitaminC
VitaminC is commonly known for being infruitsand vegetables, and most famously in acidicfruitslike oranges. And just like it is infruitsand vegetables,vitaminCinskincareproducts is great for rejuvenating yourskinand providing a healthy glow!As askincareingredient,vitaminC helps to increase the production of collagen, the protein designed to keep yourskinfirm and elastic - combating wrinkles and preventing the early signs of ageing. It also provides yourskinwith a rejuvenating burst of energy, to alleviate tired and dull-lookingskin.OurQ10 Energy rangeutilises the full power ofvitaminC, with products ranging from an instance recharge sheet mask,freshlook eye cream, healthy glow day cream and firming body lotions. Explore the range to discover which products fit into your routine.
Hyaluronic Acid
Hyaluronic acid has been used as one of the bestskincareingredients over the last 20 years. It is best known for its ability to reduce the appearance of wrinkles, by fighting off free radicals that are known to cause the early signs of ageing. But over the years, we’ve learnt thathyaluronic acid has even more benefits up its sleeve.Hyaluronic acid’snaturalrole in the body is to keep yourskinhydrated by retaining moisture in yourskin. Using it as a topical cream has the same effect, helping to give yourskina glowing finish and softer feel. Keeping yourskinhydrated also combats dryskinand relatedskinconcerns, such as eczema.Browse our extensive range ofproducts withhyaluronic acidto really understand why it is considered one of the bestskincareingredients. Ranging from effective serums, moisturising creams and micellar face wash.
Collagen
Collagen is best known for its elastic properties that help to keep theskinin shape and firm. The amount of collagen in yourskinreducesnaturallyas you age, which causes the fine lines and wrinkles we often see in matureskin.Collagen provides two main benefits; helping to maintain a youthful complexion and keeping yourskinhydrated. By retaining the collagen lost as we age, it keeps yourskinelastic andbetterable to combat wrinkles. Collagen also has the ability tohydrate yourskin, which means it can perform to its best ability andbetterprevent any impurities.Explore ourrange of products with collagen, to keep yourskinhydrated and looking young!
Discover everything you need to know aboutHyaluronic Acid forskin; including what it is, its benefits, forms and facecareroutine.
Read Time: 12 minutes
Hyaluronic Acid has the property to moisturise theskin. When applied on theskin, all of its layers absorb significant revitalisinghydration fromHyaluronic Acid, which penetrates theskinand connects water toskincells.
It is quite normal for facial contours to soften as people age. The main cause of this is theskinlosing Collagen and Elastin, which are the main components of the face’sskinstructural integrity. The use of products containingHyaluronic Acid help you to maintain firmness for longer, and makeskinappear plumper.
With age, theskinon the face loses its fullness. This is especially true on the cheeks and jawline. Concentrated formulas withHyaluronic Acid act as a volume dispenser that can possibly help to plump cheeks and promote a more youthful appearance.
Hyaluronic Acid provides addedhydration and fortifies theskin'sprotective barrier, contributing to a youthful complexion through improved cell health, and helping to boostnaturalradiance.
While it is not possible to entirely prevent wrinkles as you age, you can influence how pronounced they become. Creams and serums withHyaluronic Acid provide yourskinwith optimal moisture, reducing existing wrinkles and delaying the formation of new ones. These anti-wrinkle properties come from its ability to retain large amounts of water.Hyaluronic Acid helpsskinstay moisturised, 'filling in' existing wrinkles to reduce their appearance.
Youngskinis firm and plump. However, over time, it loses more and more of its elasticity.Careproducts containingHyaluronic Acid may help to slow down this process.
ApplyingHyaluronic Acid to wounds may help to reduce their size on the surface of theskin, and aid with pain relief in these areas.Hyaluronic Acid isnaturallypresent in theskin, and its production increases in case of open wounds, which may help speed up the healing process. The ingredient can help to regulate the inflammation levels and cause the body to build more blood vessels in the injury location. Please note thatNIVEAproducts are not formulated for this purpose.
Hyaluronic Acid is a potentantioxidantthat fights the free radicals in your body, but it is arguably best known for its capacity to hold water to cells, which may help to keepskinlooking healthy.
Benefits:Enhanceshydration, supports plumpness, and helps maintain a healthy glow.Application:Suitable for allskintypes, includingsensitiveskin, and can be used daily forhydration.Uses:Found in serums, moisturisers, and masks to boost moisture levels and help improveskintexture.Special Features:Naturallypresent in theskin, it binds water to keep theskin’s complexionhydrated and smooth.
Including serum in yourskincareroutine could help to achieve more visible results. They have a thinner formula than creams which can lead to faster absorption anddeeper penetration, allowing for targeting action againstskinconcerns.
TheCellularExpert Ranges are a premium anti-age solution fromNIVEA, containing highly effective ingredients such as:
Micro & MacroHyaluronic Acid:2 Anti-Age must-haves, known to effectively fill wrinkles, smoothskin& intenselyhydrate
Folic Acid*:fills cells with new lift & helps torepairskinbounce fibres** to promote firmer & plumperskin*present inCellularExpertFillerproducts**in vitro test withactiveingredientBakuchiol*:helps to boost cell’s Collagen production, helping to reducedeepwrinkles and redefine facial contours*present inCellularExpert Lift productsNIVEACellularExpert products help theskinto restructure itself at thecellularlevel. assisting theskin's inherent biology inrepairing and regenerating itself by working with it.
Salicylic Acid is anactiveingredient that’s great for clarifying blemish proneskin.
Salicylic Acid is anactiveskincareingredient that exfoliatesskin, controls excess sebum (oil) production, and keeps pores clear. It’s great for blemish proneskinand can refine and refreshskinin as little as 7 days with daily use.It’s commonly found in cleansers and spot treatment products but can also be found in acne-friendly make-up products and anti-dandruff shampoo.Salicylic Acid is available in different concentrations, with each concentration designed for a specific purpose. Higher concentrated Salicylic Acid is used as a peeling agent, which can reduce the appearance of acne, melasma anddark spots, while lower concentrations can be used on a daily basis in cleansers and toners.If you’ve clicked on this article then there’s a high chance you’ve wondered: what is Salicylic Acid and what does Salicylic Acid do? This guide covers a wide range of Salicylic Acid-related topics, including: how to use Salicylic Acid, is Salicylic Acid a BHA, does Salicylic Acid make acne worse before it getsbetter, and much more.Read on to discover the benefits of this wonderfulactiveingredient, and find out if Salicylic Acid can help boost yourskincareregimen.
Benefits:Protection against acne-causing bacteria, exfoliation of theskin, relief of inflammation, reduction of talc production.Application:Treatment of symptoms of mild acne, all types ofblackheads and pimples.Uses:Products containing lower concentrations of theactiveingredient can be added to the dailyskincareroutine.Special Features: Salicylic acid is a BHA (beta-hydroxy acid), an organic compound found in plants such as willow trees
Is Salicylic Acidgoodfor acne? Absolutely. Acne bacteria thrive in oxygen-free environments, which is why clogged pores are the perfect nesting ground. Salicylic Acid clears excess oil and deadskincells away from clogged pores, making the environment less suitable for bacterial growth. This in itself won’t eliminate the bacteria entirely, but it certainly will make an impact if you’re prone to blemishedskin. If anyone asks ‘is Salicylic Acidgoodfor acne?’ - be sure to share this handy fact with them.You may experience a slight increase in blemishes when first using Salicylic Acid and wonder to yourself: does Salicylic Acid make acne worse before it getsbetter? Keep reading as we’ll cover that and more later on in this guide.
Often sold as a peeling agent, Salicylic Acid gently loosensskincells in the outermost layer ofskinto purify theskinand remove deadskincells without causing irritation.
Salicylic Acid contains a chemical called salicin which has anti-inflammatory properties. When applied toskin, it can reduce the redness and soreness often from acne, and also fromsunburn. Of course, when it comes tosunburn, it’s best to prevent it from happening altogether by wearing an effective SPF every day.
Salicylic Acid can inhibit the sebaceous glands that produce sebum (oil). It achieves this by breaking through theskin’s fatty barrier and clearing away excess oil that would otherwise clog the pore and potentially cause acne.
In addition to penetratingdeepinto the pores, Salicylic Acid can also keep the pores clean when used as part of a dailyskincareroutine. By keeping pores clean, Salicylic Acid preventswhiteheads andblackheads from reappearing due to removing the excess oil or deadskincells required for an oxygen-free environment.
It’s fine to use Salicylic Acid as part of your dailyskincareroutine. Doing so will help to keep yourskinclarified and refreshed while limiting excess oil production. However, when beginning with any new exfoliant orskinpeeling ingredient, we’d recommend easing into it by limiting use to twice a week for the first few weeks.
Purging in askincaresense means an increased rate ofskincell turnover. This process can occur when anactiveingredient such as Salicylic Acid comes in contact withskin, exposing a new layer ofskincells beneath. With this, all manners of other pimple-causing things are brought to the surface along with theskincells, including excess oil and deadskincells that would otherwise clog pores.As a result, afreshwave of pimples may appear. However, unlike a bad reaction to a new product - which can cause breakouts in areas ofskinwhere they typically don’t appear - purging pimples form in the usual areas and tend to fade away quicker than normal.Although purging may not occur, it’s completely understandable to be alarmed if it does. You may even wonder: does Salicylic Acid make acne worse before it getsbetter? Read on to learn more about this topic.
One of the more commonskincare-related questions focuses on the combined use of different products. Ever asked yourself, can I use Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide together? Well, we can safely say yes - it’s fine to use Salicylic Acid and niacinamide at the same time.In fact, the two ingredients complement each other and can be especially effective for oilyskin. Salicylic Acid handles the task of penetratingdeepinto theskinto clear excess oil and deadskincells, while Niacinamide provides a wave of nourishinghydration. Together, these two ingredients can leaveskinfeeling purified, clearer and moisturised, making them an ideal choice for a dailyskincareroutine.
Although Salicylic Acid works well against acne and the bacteria that causes it, the purging process may initially worsen symptoms of acne. This potentially alarming process shouldn’t last any longer than 6 weeks, and it’s worth the wait as yourskinshould appear clearer and brighter than before.If it does last longer than 6 weeks, or you think you may be experiencing a bad reaction instead of purging, stop using the product and consult a dermatologist right away.
TheNIVEADermaSkinClear range can be used in both your morning and nightcareroutine, and like all routines, it’s best to round off with a nourishing moisturiser.
TheNIVEAMattifying Day Creamis the perfect compliment as it intensely moisturisesskinwhile removing any excess oil to leaveskinlooking refreshed andshine-free for the day ahead. For night time, apply theNIVEAHydraSkinEffect Regeneration Gel Night Creamfor up to 72 hours ofhydration, leaving yourskinfeeling supple, smooth and regenerated.
You might notice some very light stinging when using Salicylic Acid for the first time, but this is completely normal and to be expected. However, when using any new product for the first time, we’d recommend seeking a professional opinion, and only testing a small area ofskinbefore applying any larger amounts. And of course, always avoid using Salicylic Acid on irritatedskin.
Salicylic acid is anactiveingredient inskincareproducts that exfoliates theskin, controls the production of excess sebum and unclogs pores. Ideal forskinprone to blemishes, salicylic acid can refine and refreshskinin as little as 7 days with daily use. Four benefits of salicylic acid are:
All you need to know about Niacinamide
Absolutely - Niacinamide’s ability to regulate oil and sebum production, helps prevent and minimise breakouts, especially helpful for oily and acne proneskin.
Due to its calming and anti-inflammatory properties Niacinamide can be used alongside many acne treatments, for added visibleskinbenefits such as improved texture and relieved redness.
When treating acne, it is common to use harsh products that strip theskinprotective barrier. Using Niacinamide can help restore theskin’sprotective barrier, leaving it looking and feeling healthy.However Niacinamide is not a treatment for acne on its own. For persistent acne-related conditions, speak to your doctor regarding treatment options.
Niacinamide is a very versatile ingredient as it is suitable for allskintypes.In order to get the most benefit from Niacinamide, it is advised to apply it topically on cleanskin, in the form of aface cream, toner, face wash, peeling solution, or serum.Try the innovativeNIVEADerma ClearSkinExfoliator that comes with a highly concentrated formulation with Salicylic & Glycolic Acid and Niacinamide. It stimulates the removal and renewal of old, damagedskincells and clears out pores - proven to visibly reduce blemishes and prevent their reappearance.If you havesensitiveskin, make sure to double check with your doctor before trying out a new product.
Niacinamide is suitable to be applied at any time of day.The order in which you are applying  Niacinamide in conjunction with your otherskincareproducts, depends on the products that you are using.It is advised to apply products from thinnest to thickest consistency for optimal absorption.Face wash - serum - oils - moisturiser (with SPF if it's daytime).
Thanks to various properties, Niacinamide can be used to help target commonskinconcerns during any stage of life.
Niacinamide can be used in combination with various ingredients and products without causing irritation (depending on the concentration levels).
Salicylic Acid is a chemical exfoliant and the most well-known BHA or beta-hydroxy acid.Although Salicylic Acid and niacinamide are effective on their own, there are collaborative benefits from using them together in your routine.Being a chemical exfoliant, Salicylic Acid can make yourskinfeel dry, this is where Niacinamide can help tobalanceany side effects from the acid by increasing yourskin’s ability to retain moisture, restore theskinbarrier and reduce redness.NIVEADermaSkinClear Tonerhas beencarefully created using Niacinamide and Salicylic acid to meet the needs of blemish-proneskin. It rebalances theskinandhydrates it without clogging pores. You can see a visibleskinimprovement in just 7 days.
VitaminC or Ascorbic Acid is an antioxidant best known for its ability to reduce the appearance of dark spots and hyperpigmentation, while also brightening theskin.When combiningVitaminC with Niacinamide in yourskincareroutine, you are using a powerful duo forskintone, brightening and radiance.
Hyaluronic Acid, also known asHyaluronan, is a clear, gooey substance that isnaturallyproduced by your body, mostly in yourskin, eyes, joints. Its main function is to retain water to keep your tissues well lubricated.Hyaluronic Acid and Niacinamide are both water-based ingredients  that complement each other’shydrating effects and can be used together to give yourskina rejuvenated and youthful look, perfect combination for dryskin.
Retinol is an over-the-counter form of Retinoid orVitaminA.VitaminA is an essential nutrient your body needs for immunity, vision, andcellularcommunication.Retinol is a strong ingredient which can give irritation especially when used the first time, Using Retinol with Niacinamide, helps benefit from retinol with fewer side effects as Niacinamide calms andprotects theskin.
Now that you know about Niacinamide effects onskin, start benefiting from it with the innovativeNIVEAAcne Range.
This anti blemish Face Cleansing range works with theskinby activatingskin‘s renewal process, eliminating deadskincells and preventing the appearance of blemishes. Combining 8% Salicylic & Glycolic Acid with Niacinamide, these products were created to support acne proneskin, while improvingskin’sprotective barrier.
Enjoy visibly clearerskinin only 7 days.
Discover all you need to know about Glycolic Acid and its benefits for theskin. Read on to find out how to best incorporate Glycolic Acid into yourskincareroutine.
Glycolic Acid is most commonly used as an exfoliant inskincare. It helps clear the deadskincells to uplift the brighterskinlayers underneath. Unlike other exfoliants such as face scrubs, Glycolic Acid does not require harsh scrubbing due to its ability to penetrate theskin.It is also a humectant meaning that it attracts and binds water toskincells; this can help anti-ageing and wrinkles as it plumps yourskin. Glycolic Acid also can boost Collagen production as well asHyaluronic Acid within theskin.
Glycolic acid is most effective when used on normal, combination and oilyskin, however, ifyourskinis considered moresensitiveor dry it is recommended to be more cautious when using this product.It is also important to note that due to Glycolic acid effectively peeling away the top layers of oldskin, it is important to note that this leaves yourskinmore vulnerable to external forces such as the weather. If there are strong UV rays it is important to becareful with the youthful layers ofskinin thesun, similar to any harsh weather conditions.
Due to the exfoliating effect of Glycolic Acid, it can help reduce acne breakouts. The peeling of theskinleads to less gunk build-up as it clears the pores through the peeling process leading to fewer breakouts. Glycolic Acid can also help acne-proneskinby creating askinbarrier that locks moisture in rather than drying out theskinwhich is very common for anti-acne products.
Glycolic acid is an effective solution for hyperpigmentation,sunburn and melasma, all of which are caused by harmful exposure to UV rays. Glycolic Acid is high in antioxidants which aid in the healing of UV damage & lighten dark spots. This is due to it’s exfoliating properties in which it unsticks the old damagedskincells to reveal the youthfulskinbeneath.
These impressive exfoliating properties help to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, it is important to note that this does not get rid of wrinkles. Glycolic Acid also boosts collagen production which helps with reducing the appearance of fine lines & wrinkles.
As ingrown hairs form through the hair not being able to penetrate the surface of theskin, exfoliating theskinhelps let the hairs come to the surface as it removes that surface layer of deadskin. This can be further assisted by flushing theskinof gunk & oil.
As both Glycolic Acid andRetinolare considered to be two of the most important ingredients when it comes to slowing down the signs of ageing, it is, therefore it is commonly asked if you can use Glycolic Acid with Retinol to gain all the benefits.
In short, yes you can, however not simultaneously, this is a rather extremeskincaresolution that can lead to irritatedskin. You should start by using Glycolic Acid once a week.
AsNIVEAcarefor yourskinit is important to note again that Glycolic acid forskinshould not be used simultaneously with other solutions such as Retinol orVitaminA. If you plan on using both, do so alternately, also consult your dermatologist before doing so.
Before you apply Glycolic Acid you need to ensure yourskinis free of any open cuts or sores. Start by washing your face with a mild cleanser or toner to remove any grease or oils and apply the Glycolic Acid solution to a cotton pad. Apply the solution gently to your face, and avoidsensitiveareas such as eyes, nostrils orlips. If you find that Glycolic Acid reacts badly with yourskinor spills into one of thesensitiveareasmentioned, you should apply the affected area with a regular saline solution. The reaction expected is that after 3-5 minutes the applied area will start to turn red. You should rinse the treated area with water or a neutralising solution on a cloth.
Apply Glycolic Acid before you go to bed if possible as Glycolic Acid increases theskin's sensitivity tosunlight. Night-time application will give you time for yourskinto heal overnight. If this is not possible, you should take precautions with an SPF moisturiser if you are going to be outside, regardless of the weather.
NIVEAoffers a range of products that utilise the benefits of Glycolic Acid, including theNIVEADermaSkinClear Chemical Exfoliator, which offers all of the benefits of Glycolic acid, Salicylic Acid & Niacinamide.AsNIVEAcarefor yourskinit is important to note again that Glycolic acid forskinshould not be used simultaneously with other solutions such as Retinol orVitaminA. If you plan on using both, do so alternately, also consult your dermatologist before doing so.
Discover how thisnaturally-occurringskincareingredient can enhance yourskincareroutine.
Read Time: 10 minutes
Lactic Acid is anaturallyoccurring water-soluble alphahydroxy acid (AHA) which the body produces when it breaks down glucose into a fuel source when the tissue aren't sufficiently oxyginated. It’s also found in a range of fermented foods, such as dairy products, pickled vegetables and bread, among others. Inskincare, Lactic Acid is renowned for its ability to remove deadskincells and improveskintexture.For this reason it’s typically found in cleansers, exfoliants and serums, which promote its surface-level exfoliating properties, as well as itshydrating and anti-aging properties. Lactic Acid also helps in maintaing the slightly acidic pH of theskin, maintaining thenaturalmoisture barrier.
Lactic Acid plays a role in removing deadskincells on the outermost surface by breaking down the bonds that hold the deadskincells together. This leads to their shedding which revealsfresher, newskincells underneath. Over time, regularexfoliationwith Lactic Acid may promote a smoother complexion and improvedskintexture.
Thanks to its humectant properties, Lactic Acid draws in and retains moisture, which improves theskin’s flexibility. It can also help to preserve theskin’snaturalmoisture barrier with ceramides, which further improves moisture retention, making it suitable for people withdehydratedskin.
Collagenis an important component ofskin, helping to maintain elasticity and firmness. As we age, Collagen production typically slows down, leading to thenaturaloccurrence of fine lines andwrinkles. Additonally, its exfoliating properties can assist in the regeneration of newskincells and increase the production of Collagen andElastin, which can lead to fuller, plumperskin.
The exfoliant properties of Lactic Acid can also help to increase the penetration of otherskincareproducts. This is because the accumulation of deadskincells can form a barrier against products, so their removal leads todeeper penetration and more effective results.
Lactic Acid may help to alleviate symptoms ofacne. Its exfoliating properties can help to lift deadskincells that may otherwiseclog poresand cause acne.
Lactic Acid is available for a wide range of applications which take advantage of its various benefits. In lower concentrations, it may be found in cleansers,tonersand moisturisers, while higher concentrations may be used in targetedactiveproducts such asserums.It’s advisable not to use high concentrations of Lactic Acid too often. Excessive use could lead to over-exfoliation, which may disrupt theskin’snaturalbarrier. Always check the product label to know taboput the recommended use frequency. TheNIVEADermaSkinClear Scrub for instance, whoseskintolerance has been dermatologically tested, is recommended 2 to 3 times a week.Whenever you do use high-concentrations of Lactic Acid, make sure to applysunscreen to any affected areas. The same applies for any form of chemical exfoliant, which will typically increase yourskin’s sensitivity to thesun. It’s agoodidea to get into the daily habit of applying SPF after completing your morningskincareroutine.TheNIVEASUNUV Face Specialist TripleProtectSunFluid SPF 50+is ideal for those looking to add an effective SPF into their routine. Its light formula is sweat resistant, suitable for application underneath make-up, and absorbs immediately for an invisible finish.
Lactic Acid is anaturallyoccurring water-soluble alphahydroxy acid (AHA) found in fermented foods. It’s also produced by the body lacking oxygen to produce more energy via the breakdown of glucose.Inskincare, Lactic Acid is renowned for its ability to remove deadskincells, improveskintexture, and maintain theskin'snaturalmoisture barrier. Lactic Acid is commonly used in cleansers, exfoliants, and serums, where it mainly acts on the surface-level to exfoliate deadskincells while helping theskinto remain pH-balanced.TheNIVEADermaSkinClear range offers effective cleansing products - in particular, the Anti-Blemish Scrub also contains Lactic Acid for a well-roundedskincareroutine.
Lactic Acid is often found in cleansers, toners and serums that utilise its humectant and exfoliant properties. But when it comes to building an effective routine, where do you start? Below is our recommended routine which includes products from theNIVEADermaSkinClear range, formulated specifically for blemish-proneskin.
Following this routine can help to visibly improve the appearance of blemishedskinin as little as seven days.
Lactic Acid is anaturally-occurring alphahydroxy acid (AHA) that the body produces when it breaks down glucose molecules. Regular use of Lactic Acid promotes exfoliation and cell turnover,hydration, and moisture retention, while also balancingskintone and stimulating collagen production. For those following a vegan lifestyle, non-animal Lactic Acid alternatives are available. Incorporating Lactic Acid into a well-roundedskincareroutine may lead to visibly improvedskintexture and tone.
Lactic Acid is an alphahydroxy acid (AHA) derived fromnaturalsources like milk,fruits, and vegetables. It benefits theskinby gently exfoliating deadskincells, improvinghydration, promoting collagen production, and addressingskinconcerns like hyperpigmentation and acne.
Lactic Acid is generally suitable for mostskintypes, including normal, dry, and combinationskin. However, those withsensitiveor reactiveskinshould use higher-concentrations with caution and perform a patch test before regular application.
Lactic Acid exfoliates theskinby breaking down the bonds between deadskincells, leading to their shedding. Its exfoliating benefits include improvedskintexture, a smoother complexion, and a more evenskintone.
Yes, Lactic Acid may help with hyperpigmentation and unevenskintone. Lactic Acid can help to fade dark sports and give a brighter and unified tone, not only by favorising exfoliation, but it could also play a role in melanin production.
Lactic Acid can benefit acne-proneskinby unclogging pores and reducing the occurrence of breakouts.
Higher concentrations of Lactic Acid can make yourskinmoresensitiveto thesun, so it's best to use it at night and follow up withsunscreen during the day toprotectyourskin.
Lactic Acid can stimulate collagen production, which is essential for maintainingskinelasticity and reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. This makes it a potential option for addressing early signs of aging.
Some individuals may experience mild tingling, redness, or irritation when using higher concentrations of Lactic Acid, especially if they havesensitiveskin. Performing a patch test and starting with lower concentrations can help minimise potential reactions. However,NIVEAproducts are dermatologically tested and are safe for yourskin.
It's generally best to avoid applying Lactic Acid directly tosensitiveareas like the eyes. Use a gentle eye cream instead.
How often you use Lactic Acid will depend on yourskin's tolerance and the product's concentration. For beginners, it is recommended to start with small-dosed products, once a week for instance, before starting on a more frequent usage, going to multiple times a week, if not once a week depending on the products recommendations and a targeted face location. TheNIVEADermaSkinClear Scrub, which contains Lactic Acid, is suitable for a usage of 2-3 times a week.
It is always best to avoid mixing products and ingredients without knowing if they could react together. Notably, avoid using high concentrations of Lactic Acid  in combination with otherskinresurfacing ingredients such as Retinol as this may lead to over-exfoliation.Instead, use a formula containing multiple mixed ingredients, whoseskintolerance and stability have been verified. If you're using differentcareproducts in your routine, leave a few minutes interval in between each application in order to avoid eventual interaction.
As with anyskincareingredient, when trying it for the first time it's advisable to consult your healthcareprofessional before using Lactic Acid during pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Whether or not Lactic Acid is suitable for vegans depends on its source. Traditional Lactic Acid is derived from animal by-products, such as milk. However, many modernskincareproducts utilise Lactic Acid sourced from plant-based materials, making it vegan-friendly. Always check product labels or contact the manufacturer to ensure that the Lactic Acid used in yourskincareproduct aligns with your vegan lifestyle. TheNIVEADermaSkinClear Scrub is suitable for vegans.
Yes, like otherskinresurfacing ingredients, Lactic Acid can increase theskin's sensitivity to thesun. It's essential to use a broad-spectrumsunscreen with a high SPF daily, especially when using Lactic Acid products, toprotecttheskinfrom harmful UV rays and preventsunreactions.
Acidul folic, sauVitamina B9, este o substanțăcareare beneficii fantastice anti-îmbătrânire pentru piele. Este bun și pentru piele în alte moduri. Citește în continuare pentru mai multe informații.
Acidul folic, cunoscut ca o formă avitaminei B9, este o versiune sintetică a unui acid foliccarevine din alimente de proveniențănaturală. Acidul folic este important pentru organism, deoarece reglează crearea de noi celule sănătoase, inclusiv celule roșii din sângecaretransportă oxigenul. Corpul tău nu este capabil sa producă acid folic, așa că o dietă sănătoasă sau administrarea de suplimente cuvitamina B9 te poate ajuta să previi dezvoltarea anemiei. Este de obicei denumităVitamina vieții.
Acidul folic ajută la funcționarea generală a celulelor, la creșterea celulelor și la dezvoltarea de noi celule, ajutând la reducerea semnelor de îmbătrânire. De asemenea, acidul folic îți hidratează pielea, o protejează de soare și poate ajuta la prevenirea apariției acneei.
1. ACIDUL FOLIC REDUCE SEMNELE DE ÎMBĂTRÂNIREAplicarea acidului folic în mod regulat stimulează pielea să producă mai mult colagen, principala proteină structurală a pielii. Mai multcolagenînseamnă piele mai fermă – oferind un aspect mai tânăr prin reducerea semnelor îmbătrânirii premature.2. ACIDUL FOLIC ARE PROPRIETĂȚI DE PROTECȚIE SOLARĂAlte beneficii ale acidului folic pentru piele includ reducerea daunelor provocate de soare atunci când este expusă la razele UV. Prezențavitaminei B9 poate reduce deteriorarea ADN-ului pielii afectate, iar proprietățile sale de fermitate a pielii înseamnă că uscarea pielii și ridurilesunt mai puțin severe atunci când ieși la soare.3. ACIDUL FOLICMENȚINE UMIDITATEAAcidul folic sporește, de asemenea, hidratarea pielii, deoarecemenține funcția de barieră a pielii. Acest lucru ajută la captarea umidității și la combaterea oricăror semne suplimentare de uscăciune.4. ACIDUL FOLIC AJUTĂ LA PREVENIREA ACNEEIUtilizarea zilnică a acidului folic poate ajuta și la minimizarea toxinelor în întregul corp. Antioxidanții prezenți învitamina B9sunt cunoscuți că reduc stresul oxidativ asupra pielii. Rezultatul? O reducere a frecvenței și severității acneei și a coșurilor.5. ACIDUL FOLIC COMBATE PIGMENTAREA PIELII CAUZATĂ DE DEFICIENȚA DE FOLAȚIUnul dintre simptomele cauzate de deficitul de folați este pigmentarea pielii. Pielea ta poate începe să arate mai obosită atunci cândlipsește acidul folic. Aici intervin produsele de îngrijire a pielii cu acid folic (vitamina B9)carepot ajuta la redobândirea aspectului strălucitor.
Jeśli chodzi o kwas foliowy, działanie jest skuteczniejsze przy systematycznym stosowaniu.
Încorporarea acidului folic în dieta ta aduce beneficii imense sănătății. Prin creșterea aportului devitamina B9, poți obține cu ușurință un păr mai sănătos și unghii mai puternice. Acidul folic poate ajuta la combaterea bolilor severe și poate reduce malformațiile congenitale ale tubului neural în timpul sarcinii, făcându-l un ingredientcareaduce beneficii organismului în mai multe moduri.
Acidul folic poate fi găsit în modnaturalîn alimente, inclusiv în legume cu frunze verzi precum broccoli și sparanghel, citrice, semințe de floarea soarelui, cereale, ouă și fructe de mare. Acidul folic poate fi găsit în alimente fortificate precum pâinea, pastele și cerealele. Un pahar de lapte este, de asemenea, o sursă excelentă de acid folic.Acidul folic poate fi găsit și în suplimente și tablete sau în produse de îngrijire a pielii, cum ar fi geluri,cremehidratante,cremeși serumuri. Aloe Vera este o sursă excelentă de acid folic șivitamina B12,careeste, de asemenea, un ingredient folosit pentru a îmbunătăți pigmentarea pielii.
Pielea este mai subțire în zonele din jurul ochilor și buzelor, făcându-le mai predispuse la semne vizibile de îmbătrânire înaintea altor părți ale feței. După ce ți-ai curățat fața de poluanți și impurități, foloseșteNIVEACellularExpertFillerCremă pentru Contur Ochi și Buze pentru a umple ridurile statice și dinamice, în timp ce întărește conturul ochilor și buzelor.Îmbogățită cu acid folic pur și cu concentrații mari de acid hialuronic, această cremă pentru conturul ochilor și buzelor nu are parfum și s-a dovedit că reduce vizibilitatea liniilor fine și a picioarelor gâștei cu 20% în doar o săptămână.Rata de îmbunătățire a scorului, studiu de 4 săptămâni cu 39 de femei, 2021.
Adăugarea de serum în rutina ta îți va răsfăța pielea cu ingrediente bogate și sănătoase. Serumul concentrat anti-îmbătrânire infuzat cu acid folic pur și acid hialuronic poate ajuta la creșterea fermității și reapararea pielii, umplând ridurile vizibile.GamaNIVEACellularExpertFillervine cu două serumuri diferite, așa că, dacă ești în căutarea unui serum anti-îmbătrânire cu absorbție rapidă, netezește instantaneu pielea feței într-o singură aplicareși îți împrospătează tenul cu hidratarea decareare nevoie,NIVEACellularExpertFillerReplumpingHyaluronic Anti-Age Serum este de asemenea disponibil pentru tine.
Finalizează rutina de dimineață cuNIVEACellularExpertFillerIntensive Anti-Age DayCare, o cremă de față bogată, catifelată, cu o textură roz. Disponibilă atât cu SPF 15, cât și cu SPF 30, această cremă de zi este formulată cu Acid folic pur și cele două tipuri de Acid Hialuronic. În doar 1 săptămână, fermitatea pielii este îmbunătățită vizibil cu 20%, volumul pielii cu 40% și ridurile reduse cu 25%.Rata de îmbunătățire a scorului, studiu de 4 săptămâni cu 39 de femei, 2021
Introdu ceva nou pentru somnul tău de frumusețe cuNIVEACellularExpertFillerIntensive Anti-Age NightCare. Această cremă susține reînnoirea celulară, permițându-ți să te trezești cu un aspect împrospătat și întinerit.Îmbogățită cu ingrediente pentru a îți ajuta pielea să strălucească și să se simtă netedă,NIVEACellularExpertFillerIntensive Anti-Age NightCarefuncționează perfect cu celelalte produse din gamă. După 1 săptămână pielea se simte restabilită, iar fermitatea (+17%) și volumul (+25%)sunt îmbunătățite, contribuind la reducerea liniilor și a semnelor de somn.Rata de îmbunătățire a scorului, studiu de 4 săptămâni cu 38 de femei, 2021
What doesVitaminC do for theskin? Discover 5 key benefits ofVitaminC for radiant, healthy-lookingskin. Learn how this effective antioxidant can transform yourskincareroutine.
For those withsensitiveskin,VitaminC can be both beneficial and tricky to use. Its topical antioxidant properties help reduce redness and soothe irritation, but high concentrations might cause reactions. It is best to choose products with a lower concentration ofVitaminC or stable andbettertolerated derivatives like sodium ascorbyl phosphate or ascorbyl glucoside. Always do a patch test before full application to ensureskintolerates it well. With regular use,VitaminC could help strengthensensitiveskin, making it less reactiveand more radiant.
Oilyskinand blemishedskinmay benefit fromVitaminC. In fact, when used in high concentrations it can help to reduce the appearance of large pores.VitaminC's antioxidant propertiesprotectagainst free radicals, which can contribute to the oxidation of sebum and the clogging of pores that cause blemishes. Lightweight, non-greasy formulas like serums are ideal for oilyskin. For blemish-proneskin, opt for non-comedogenic formulas and consider combining them with anti-blemish ingredients such as salicylic acid for best results. Used regularly,vitaminC can help achieve a brighter, smoother, morebalanced complexion.WhichevervitaminC formula you use, don't assume that it will necessarily offer all the potential benefits ofvitaminC, as each formula has its own specific requirements. In fact, each formula meets specific needs. Always check the product packaging to find out about its use and properties.
VitaminC could also be used for dryskin, as its anti-oxidant properties help to maintain the integrity of theskinbarrier and therefore promote water retention.VitaminC formulations with moisturising ingredients likeHyaluronic Acid or Glycerin may also help replenish moisture and get plumperskin. Regular application ofVitaminC could enhanceskintexture giving theskina new radiance.
Benefits:VitaminC promotes a radiant complexion, brightensskintone, and boosts Collagen.Application:It can be applied via serums, moisturisers, and masks for optimal results.Uses:Used to boost Collagen production, diminishing fine lines and wrinkles, and promote a more even-looking complexion.Special Features:VitaminC shieldsskinfrom free radicals, offering defence against environmentalstressors.
Created for those seeking a vibrant and youthful-looking complexion, thisfacecareroutinewithVitaminC is great for addressing dullness, fatigue, and signs of ageing. It utilises the antioxidant power ofVitaminC to enhance yourskin’s radiance andprotectagainst environmentalstressors.
Start with a thorough cleansing, which is crucial to remove makeup and impurities. TheNIVEASkinGlow Serum Infused Micellar Watercombines a serum containingVitaminC & E with an Amino Acid Complex whichhydrate and energise theskin, leaving no greasy residue. This step preps theskinfor the rest of theskincareroutine, offering a clean andfreshbase.
To alleviate signs of fatigue and dullness around the eye area, incorporate products that containVitaminC andVitaminE. These may help to firm the eye contour and providehydration, giving your eyes a refreshed and youthful appearance.
Continue the routine with moisturising the face to maintain theskinbarrier andhydrate it. TheNIVEAQ10 Energy Healthy Glow Day Cream with SPF 15supportsskin’s own ability to improve its energy metabolism andprotects it fromskin-damaging free radicals. It not only moisturises but also offers a layer ofsunprotection with an SPF15. Apply the day cream evenly to your face and neck.
Finish your daytimeskincareroutine with a broad-spectrumsunscreen toprotectyourskinfrom harmful UV rays. Even if your moisturiser contains SPF, you may need to apply asuncream to ensure adequateprotection, depending on your exposure to thesun. And don't forget to reapply regularly to maintain your level ofprotection.
For an extra boost of radiance andhydration, use face masks to revitalise theskin. TheNIVEAQ10 Energy Instant Recharge Sheet Mask infused with Q10 andVitaminCis perfect for recharging tired and dullskin, reducing fine lines, and nourishing yourskin. Use the mask for 10 minutes and then gently massage any remaining serum into yourskin.By following these steps, you could achieve energised, radiantskinthat looks and feels its best. Consistent use of these products will help maintainskin’svitality, ensuring it stayshydrated, smooth, andprotected.
Yes,VitaminC brightensskinby promoting an evenskintone. Used in high doses over long periods, it can also help reduce dark spots.
Yes, as it offersprotection against free radicals produced by UV rays and environmental pollutants and can also help minimise the appearance of wrinkles by stimulating Collagen production.
L-ascorbic Acid is the most studied and the mostactiveform ofVitaminC forskincare, due to its ability to absorb into theskineffectively. However, it is not very stable and requires an acid pH of less than 3.5 to maintain its stability, making it more difficult to use onsensitiveskin. For this reason, many products use derivatives that are more stable andbettertolerated, such as ascorbyl glucoside or sodium ascorbyl phosphate.
Products containingvitaminC can be used both morning and evening: in the morning, to benefit from its antioxidantprotection against daytime environmentalstressors like UV rays and pollution; and in the evening, to support theskin'snaturalregeneration during the night and for its anti-ageing effect.
Yes,VitaminC serum can typically be used alongside otherskincareproducts like moisturisers andsunscreen. However, asvitaminC and its derivatives have fairly limited stability, you should avoid mixing it directly with other products. It is best to apply it after cleansing and before moisturising for optimal absorption. Always wait until the serum has been completely absorbed before applying the nextskincareproduct.
Results fromVitaminC serum can vary depending on the formula and objective, but many people notice brighter, more even-tonedskinwithin a few weeks of regular use.
No,VitaminC serum cannot replacesunscreen. While it provides some antioxidantprotection against environmental damage, including UV rays, it does not provide sufficientprotection on its own. Always use a broad-spectrumsunscreen with SPF 30 or higher during the day in case ofsunexposition.
VitaminC serums are typically lighter in texture and designed to deliver a higher concentration ofVitaminC directly to theskin. Creams may contain lower concentrations and are often formulated with additional moisturising ingredients.
VitaminC helps to fight free radicals, supports Collagen production and supportskinregeneration.
VitaminB comes in various different types, all offering unique benefits for your body andskin. Discover each type and how they can enhance yourskincareroutine.
VitaminB1 is found in all of ourvitalorgans and is responsible for converting food into energy, an essential process for nerve, muscle and heart function.
VitaminB2 also helps the body to release energy from food and works to keep theskin, eyes, and nervous system healthy.
Niacinamideworks to improve the circulation of blood in your body, which in turn helps to relieve tiredness and regenerateskin- perfect for afreshand energised complexion.VitaminB3 is also an effective anti-inflammatory that reduces the impact of external aggressors and helps to preventskinconditions from flaring up.
VitaminB5 plays avitalrole in the production of red blood cells, which are a key element in helping the body function efficiently.
VitaminB6 helps with protein and carbohydrate metabolism, as well as supporting the development of the brain - a crucial role in anyone's body.
VitaminB7 is essential for liver metabolism and promoting cell growth, which is why it is often recommended in hair, nail, andskincareroutines.
In your body,Folic Acidaids cell function, cell growth, and the development of new cells - which improves the efficiency of red blood cells and how they carry oxygen around your body. As a result,VitaminB9 helps yourskinto function and regenerate faster, perfect for a healthy complexion.
VitaminB12 aids in the production of DNA and helps to keep blood and nerve cells healthy - which is why it can support in preventing fatigue and tiredness.
As you can tell,VitaminB has a lot of roles to play in the body and on theskin. These roles and what it is used for vary depending on a person's needs and what they are trying to achieve.For example, if a person is suffering from fatigue and headaches,VitaminB12 (Cobalamin) can help to increase the flow of red blood cells and reduce the effects of both fatigue and headaches. Whereas if a person is suffering from dry, dullskin,VitaminB3 (Niacinamide) can increase cell turnover and improveskinregeneration for a bright and glowing complexion.It's clear thatVitaminB can be used for a wide array of body andskincareneeds, but it can also be used in a variety of different ways. You can find it in topical creams to apply to theskinor in supplements that you can add to your diet.
A key benefit ofVitaminB is that it helps to maintainCollagenlevels - the ingredient in yourskinthat keeps it elastic and prevents wrinkles. As you age, the levels of Collagen in yourskinslowly reduce, which is why wrinkles start to appear. So by maintaining the level of Collagen in yourskinwithVitaminB, you are able to reduce these early signs of ageing.VitaminB also promotes cell turnover, which is where deadskincells are replaced with younger ones. This process makes theskinmuch firmer and less prone to sagging, a key factor in the appearance ofwrinkles.
VitaminB also has anti-inflammatory properties, which means it can help to reduce the severity of inflamedskinconcerns such as Acne, Dermatitis, and Psoriasis. It works to calm theskinand reduce the impact of any external factors that can often make inflammation worse.
Another benefit ofVitaminB is that it boosts the body's production of red blood cells, helping it to function as efficiently as possible. This also impacts how well your immune system works, and an efficient immune system is muchbetterat preventing infections andskinirritations, like Acne or Psoriasis.Make sure to contact a doctor if you suffer fromskinirritations or a low immune system, for their professional advice.
The fourth benefit ofVitaminB is that it helps theskintobalanceits oil production, to ensure it is not over or under producing.Skinthat over produces oil, is much more likely to suffer from blemishes and Acne, whereasskinthat under produces oil, is much more likely to become dry, cracked and irritated. This means that, by balancing oil production,VitaminB helps to prevent both blemish-prone and dryskin.
Last but not least,VitaminB aids in increasing blood flow around the body, which allows for more nutrients to be carried around the body and to theskin. Just like a nutrient-rich flower,skinwith more nutrients is much brighter and healthier, which is visible in your complexion. This makesVitaminB a great partner for vibrant and youthful lookingskin.
With its ability to promote cell turnover and increase Collagen,VitaminB products are crucial for any anti-ageingskincareroutine. Discover theNIVEACellularExpertFillerrange, created withVitaminB9 Folic Acid to boost Collagen production and provide yourskinwith extra firmness to prevent the early signs of wrinkles.
VitaminB is also often used inskincareto aid Acne and blemish-proneskin. Its anti-inflammatory properties can assist in reducing Acne and prevent it from becoming aggravated by external factors.VitaminB3 Niacinamide is particularly effective at helping to prevent inflamed Acne, by restoring theskin’snaturalbarrier whilst also soothing inflammation. TheNIVEADermaSkinClear range is enriched withVitaminB3 Niacinamide to unclog pores and help to reduce the appearance of spots without drying out theskin, perfect for blemish-proneskin.
Uncover 4 Tips on How to UseVitaminE forSkin, learn how the powerful antioxidant can helpprotecttheskin,hydrate, and help withskinrepair.
AlthoughVitaminE is not a substitute forsunscreen and does not directlyprotectagainst UV rays, it could play a complementary role inprotecting theskinagainst damage caused by free radicals generated by ultraviolet rays. Thanks to its antioxidant action,VitaminE can be used in conjunction with UVsunscreens to combat free radicals, helping to reduce the risk ofsun-inducedskindamage.
VitaminE acts as a powerful antioxidant, helping to neutralise free radicals. Free radicals are unstable molecules that can damage the cells in your body, including yourskin. They are often caused by things such as unprotectedsunexposure and pollution.When too many free radicals build up, they create something called oxidativestress. On theskin, oxidativestresscan show up as signs of ageing, such as wrinkles, unevenskintone, and a loss of firmness andelasticity.
VitaminE supportsskinbarrierrepairby neutralising free radicals - molecules that can break down theskin’snaturalprotective barrier over time. This barrier is important for keeping moisture in and blocking out pollutants, bacteria, and UV rays.VitaminE, being an antioxidant, helps to reduce oxidativestress, which can weaken this barrier.
VitaminE helps yourskinattract and retain moisture by improving theskin’s ability to hold onto water. This happens becauseVitaminE strengthens theskin'slipid barrier, allowing it to trap moisture more effectively. It also helps maintain theskin'snaturalmoisturebalance, reducing water loss and preventing dryness.
With regular use,VitaminE can help reduce the appearance of fine lines andwrinklesby improvingskinhydration and boosting theskin's elasticity. This happens becauseVitaminE supportsCollagenproduction, which is essential for maintainingskinfirmness. It also helps to brighten theskinby reducing the oxidativestressthat can lead to unevenskintone and dullness.
Why Do We NeedVitaminE?VitaminE helps addressskinchallenges caused by oxidativestressfrom environmental factors such as UV rays, pollution, and free radicals. When theskin'snaturalbarrier is compromised, it can lead to dryness, irritation, and visible signs of ageing.Benefits ofVitaminE forSkin:VitaminE is a powerful antioxidant thatprotects theskin,hydrates, and helps withskinrepair. As a result of these effects, it can also help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.HowVitaminEProtects YourSkin:Regularly incorporatingVitaminE into yourskincareroutine can strengthen theskin'snaturalbarrier. UsingVitaminE-rich products alongsidesunscreen and moisturising ingredients likeHyaluroncan boostprotection andhydration, preventing damage and irritation caused by external factors.
VitaminE is commonly found inmoisturisers,serums, and creams, making it easy to add to your routine. Apply aVitaminE-enriched product after cleansing, when yourskinis still slightly damp, to lock in moisture and enhance its benefits.
VitaminE is gentle on theskinand can be used daily. Whether in a morning or eveningskincareroutine, thehydrating andprotective properties make it ideal for regular use.
VitaminE pairs remarkably well withsunscreens, as it may helpprotectyourskinfrom oxidativestresscaused by UV rays, while yoursunscreen with SPFprotects against UV rays. For optimalprotection and double the benefits, opt for products containing both antioxidants and broad-spectrumsunscreen, such asNIVEAProtect& Moisture Lotion SPF 30+, which contains, in addition to UVA and UVB filters, antioxidantVitaminE andVitaminC, as well asHyaluronic Acid to help lock in moisture.
In addition toskincareuse, you can help support yourskinhealth by consumingVitaminE-rich foods such as almonds,sunflower seeds, spinach, and avocados. This can help heal yourskinfrom within, providing it with additional antioxidants and supporting itshydration.
Formulated forsensitiveskin, the Derma Control Restore Anti-Perspirant is enriched withVitaminE and other anti-irritation ingredients, helping to restore theskinbarrierbalanceafter shaving for smooth and healthy-lookingskin.
NIVEAMENDerma ControlSensitiveAnti-Perspirant – Offersprotection against irritations withPureHyaluronandVitaminE, while providing gentlecare. Reliable 72h anti-perspirantprotection thatcares for yourskin.
Discover what Almond Oil forskinis and how it can benefit your face and body by keeping ithydrated, for a soft and smooth feel.
Read Time: 10min
Approximately 50% of the total weight of a dried almond consists of oil. When almonds are fully ripe, they are subjected to a gentle pressing process to extract the oil. For centuries, Almond Oil has been employed to provide relief to theskinand address minor injuries and abrasions.Beyond its ability to alleviate dryskin, Almond Oil can enhance complexion andskintone. Its exceptional emollient properties aid in maintaining a harmonious moisturebalanceand preventing water loss.
Almond Oil contains various nutrients with a positive effect on the face, hair and body. This is what these Almond Oil nutrients could do:VitaminE:could help toprotectcells from free radicalsVitaminA:could be beneficial forskinsubject to breakouts and pimplesVitaminB-7:could help to maintain hair and nail strengthZinc:may help to reduce breakouts, pimples and otherskinblemishes
Almond Oil serves a dual purpose as both a moisturiser and an emollient.Almonds are rich inVitaminE, a potent antioxidant that plays avitalrole in preserving youthfulskinas we grow older.The Amino Acids contained inVitaminE can help to enhanceCollagenproduction, resulting in long-term evenness and overallskinhealth.Almond Oil is therefore verygoodfor dry andsensitiveskintypes.
Almond Oil may help to reduce signs of ageing and aid in the restoration and reinforcement of theskin's barrier function. Loaded with antioxidants such asVitaminE, Almond Oil could help to combat free radicals and may promote a youthful and vibrant appearance in yourskin. Almond Oil could also enhance Collagen production and elasticity, which is a main element in wrinkle prevention. Collectively, these qualities make Almond Oil a superbnaturalchoice for individuals seeking to maintain theirskin's optimal condition as they age.
When used externally, Almond Oil has the potential to alleviate and pacify irritatedskin, diminish redness and swelling, and expedite the healing process. When ingested, Almond Oil has the capacity to reduce inflammation throughout the entire body, encompassing the joints and digestive system.
TheVitaminA and E contained in Almond Oil are likeprotectors for yourskin. They team up to fixsundamage, help yourskinagainst impurities and make it appear young and healthy. Almond Oil also contains Linoleic Acid whichprotects yourskin’s barrier and helps retain moisture. So, if yourskinis dry from thesun, Almond Oil is a great choice to make itbetter.
If you want anaturalway to make yourskinlookbetterand feel smoother, Almond Oil is a fantastic choice. Owing to its levels ofVitaminE, it can help improve the complexion ofskinand smooth blemishes. It can make wrinkles and fine lines less noticeable and give yourskina brighter look.
What it does:Hydrates, moisturises andrepairs theskin, but also can help to reduce signs of ageing, improveskincomplexion, and make it feel soft and smooth. Almond Oil can also strengthen hair and nails.Application:Include it in your routine by cleansing, using a serum, moisturising, and adding SPF, always with proper caution and guidance.Contains:Nutrients such asVitaminE,VitaminA,VitaminB-7 and Zinc, toprotectandhydrate theskin.Features:Packed withvitamins and antioxidants, Almond Oil could help to rejuvenate theskin, making it a valuable addition to your routine. Almond Oil is found in a number ofNIVEAproducts to nourish theskin.
There are two main types of Almond Oil: sweet and bitter.
Bitter Almond Oil should not be consumed or applied to theskin, whereas Sweet Almond Oil is a safer choice withskin-friendly properties, containing beneficial nutrients.TheVitaminA found in Almond Oil comes from two sources, a group called Retinoid, and another group called Retinol. This helps to stimulate cell regeneration and antioxidants to shield against damage, including that induced by UV radiation.Sweet Almond Oil comes in two forms: refined and unrefined, often referred to as "cold-pressed." This distinction relates to how the oil is obtained from Almonds and prepared for use. Cold-pressed Almond Oil, which involves extraction without high heat or chemical solvents, is considered particularly advantageous because this process helps preserve the essential nutrients in the oil.
Almond Oil can be used throughout the wholeskincareroutine process and is suitable for allskintypes.
You should always start yourskincareroutine by cleansing. Cleansing clears theskinof debris and pollutants that might have stuck to yourskinthroughout the day or night, preparing it to absorb the nourishing ingredients in yourcareproducts.TheNIVEANourishing Micellar Water is designed for dryskinand made from a formula with Amino Acids and Almond Oil to help cleanse, soothe and moisturise theskin. This product is fragrance-free, dermatologically and ophthalmologically tested, so it can be used on the face, eyes andlips.
Serums can help to target specificskinconcerns such as wrinkles, dryskinor even pimples. Their fast absorption anddeeppenetration may help you to reach more visible results in a shorter amount of time.NIVEAoffers a range of serums to address a variety of concerns such as anti-aging, dark spots and dryskin, thanks to formulas includingHyaluronic Acid,VitaminC,Luminous630 and Q10.
Moisturising your face has benefits that you can’t ignore, such as preventing dryness, slowing signs of ageing and soothingsensitiveskin.NIVEANourishing Day Creamis designed for dry tosensitiveskinthanks to its formula with Almond Oil providing 24-hour moisture andprotection from externalstressors.For evening routines theNIVEANourishing Night Creamis also infused with Almond Oil, and ProVitaminB5. This product is intensively moisturising, nourishing and soothing theskinof your face at night.
Make sure to always apply SPF when ending your day’sskincareroutine. Certain types of products that you apply on yourskinwon’tprotectyou fromsundamage, and applyingsunscreen will help to avoid getting yourskinburned from UV rays.
Just as your face, your bodyskinwill benefit from Almond Oil, and it can be used in shower gels and creams.NIVEAoffers products infused with Almond Oil such as theNIVEACremeSoft Shower Gel, suitable for daily use, it is pHSkinneutral and helps to prevent dryness, leavingskinfeeling soft and supple.Post shower, use theNIVEARich Body Lotion, infused with Almond Oil andpureVitaminE to soothe dry to very dryskinandhydrate for up to 48 hours. This product can be used daily, and leaves yourskinwith a smooth and soft feel, promoting a healthy looking complexion.Precaution:Almond Oil is typically regarded as a safe option forskincare. Nevertheless, it's essential to be mindful of certain safety measures. Follow the instructions on the packaging and consult a dermatologist if you face any concerns.
Almond Oil could help to both condition and fortify your hair. Abundant inVitaminB-7, also known as Biotin, Almond Oil may contribute to the maintenance of robust, healthy hair and nails. Furthermore, it could serve as anaturalsafeguard againstsun-induced hair damage, boasting a built-in SPF of 5.Almond oil can be applied as a scalp treatment which effectively rebalances the yeast responsible for dandruff. Its excellent absorption into theskinallows it to nourish the scalp and purify the hair follicles.Additionally, Almond Oil may work wonders in taming frizz and rejuvenating damaged hair.
The benefits of Almond Oil forskincareincludehydration, anti-aging, and healing properties. The use of sweet Almond Oil isskin-friendly and easy to incorporate into yourskincareroutine.
TheVitamins that can be found in Almond Oil, A and E, play an important role in keeping theskinyouthful and radiant.
Almond Oil is an amazing ingredient which you can find in a range ofNIVEAproducts, from Micellar Water to Body Creams, forhydrated and healthy results.
Discover argan oil for face
Moroccan womenhave been using argan oil for its benefits forskinand hair. But what is argan oil, and what makes it so effective?
Argan oil is produced by the nuts found on argan trees which are native to Morocco - these nuts contain between 1 and 3 oil-rich argan kernels which is then extracted by cracking and roasting the nuts to produce what we know as argan oil.
Argan oil is light in texture and easily penetrates theskin. But despite its lightweight consistency, it is a heavyweight in what it can do for theskin. Rich in nourishing nutrients, includingvitaminE, fatty acids, squalene, and antioxidants, argan oil canprotect, soothe and treat a whole host ofskinconditions.
Argan oil properties include:
Here are a few examples of what argan oil for face is used for:
1.Boosts elasticity2.Hydratesskinto prevent dry and flakyskin3.Prevents and reduces stretch marks: theskinregeneration andrepairqualities of argan oil help to reduce inflammation, increaseskin's elasticityand minimise  the appearance and texture of stretch marks.4.Prevents & minimisessunspots: argan oil contains a physical filter against UV light which therefore helps to preventsundamage, and itsskinrepairqualities, includingvitaminE help to fadesunspots resulting in happy, glowingskin(note, it should not be used as a substitute for SPF).5.Controls oilyskin: argan oil’s anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties can treat oilyskinand acne. Argan oil regulates sebum production so yourskinishydrated and won't begin to overproduce, this is especially useful if you already have oilyskin.
6.Reduces breakouts: reducing sebum production helps to prevent clogged pores that can lead to breakouts
7.Helps other products absorb into yourskin: argan oil is ultra-hydrating and aids exfoliation meaning there isn't a barrier ofskincells forskincareproducts to act through and they can easily be absorbed into theskin8.Prevents wrinkles: due to its highly nourishing andsunprotective qualities,skinageing caused by dryskinandsundamage is reduced. Argan oil’s highvitaminE load helps strengthen theskin’s barrier, reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles9.Protecthair from heat damage: argan oil’s abundance ofvitaminE and fatty acids canprotectthe hair and scalp from damage from styling tools such as straighteners and hair dryers. Rub a small amount into wet or dry hair before use.
An amazing argan oilskinbenefit is that it’s very beneficial if you suffer with acne as it helps to reduceacne scarring. It does this by promotingnaturalskinregeneration,hydration, and elasticity. When you buy store bought acne remedies, they often contain ingredients that strip theskinof it'snaturaloils causing dryskinto take its place and then sebum production increases tenfold to supplement the lost oils. This then leads to clogged pores, and further breakouts and scarring.
This is where argan oil for acne comes into play. Argan oil soothes and reduces inflammation that comes along with acne breakouts, which helps to control sebum production and reduce further clogged pores, as well as promoting self-exfoliation - allowing your pores to breathe. In terms of helping to reduce existing acne scarring, theVitaminE it contains promotesnaturalskinrepairand antioxidants that work torepairand heal damagedskin. What more could you want?
Argan oil isn't just limited to oil-based products, it is also commonly used in day creams, night creams and body lotions - so it's great for anyskincareneed.
An effective way to reap the rewards of argan oil is to incorporate it into your daily morning routine, in the form of a day cream. This way the antioxidant properties of argan oil canprotectyourskinfrom external aggressors all throughout the day.
If you’re stuck on which day cream to choose, explore theNIVEAQ10 Anti-Wrinkle 60+ Replenishing Day Cream with SPF15, made withpureQ10 and organic argan oil for up to 24H of intensehydration andcare. As well as keeping yourskinhydrated, this specially formulated cream helps to firm theskinand reduce and prevent wrinkles - for glowing, younger-lookingskin. The formula also contains SPF 15, toprotectyourskinfrom damaging UV rays that cause prematureskinageing. After just 4 weeks,skinfeels plumper anddeepwrinkles are visibly minimised. All thanks to the power of argan oil and Q10!
Sometimes we know which ingredients we want to use but not which products actually contain them. Sometimes it's easier to browse products based on the ingredients.Click here to browseNIVEAproducts based on theskincareingredients they contain.
Uncover the 7 main benefits of Jojoba Oil and how to incorporate it into yourskincareroutine
Is Jojoba Oilgoodfor theskin? When applied on its own or withinskincareproducts, using Jojoba Oil for the face and body could have numerous potential benefits. Here are some key benefits that Jojoba Oil may have for theskin, however, it should be remembered that many of these benefits would need to be confirmed by further studies and that they generally apply to Jojoba Oil used neat and not necessarily to the formulations that contain it.
Due to its waxy nature and its emollient properties, Jojoba oil forms aprotective barrier that locks in moisture while shielding theskinfrom external aggressors, making it highly effective fordryskin.
ThenaturalVitaminE content in Jojoba Oil acts as an antioxidant, helping theskincombat oxidativestresscaused by pollutants and toxins. Thisprotective effect can also aid in soothing redness after being exposed tosunlight.
Jojoba Oil has a composition quite similar to that of theskin’snaturalsebum,  so it can help dissolve the sebum contained in theskin's pores. This makes it an excellent option forskinprone to imperfections, as it helps to maintainhydration without clogging pores, thus limiting the risk of pimples appearing.
Recent studies have shown that Jojoba Oil may have useful anti-inflammatory properties for a range ofskinconditions, particularly redness and irritation.
Known for its soothing and nourishing properties, Jojoba Oil is ideal forsensitiveskin. It could help alleviate redness and irritation while supporting theskin’snaturalhealing process, making it a great choice forskinprone to dryness and irritation.
Ex-vivo studies have shown that Jojoba Oil supports the production of Collagen, a protein which helps maintainskinelasticity. This effect could be useful in helping to reduce the signs of ageing.
Jojoba Oil's emollient properties could be beneficial in helping to soothesunburnedskin. The healing components help calm irritation and may prevent peeling, promoting faster recovery fromsunexposure.
Jojoba Oil is easily absorbed into theskinand can be applied directly to theskinas-is. If you’re interested in exploring the use of Jojoba Oil to address specificskinconditions, be sure to consult with your dermatologist.
Since Jojoba Oil acts very similarly to ourskin’snaturallymoisturising oils, products containing Jojoba Oil like nourishing moisturising lotions may help to support theskinin maintaining moisture and helpprotectskinfrom drying out.
Jojoba Oil can be used for applying essential oils to theskin. Concentrated essential oils cannot be appliedpureto theskin. They must first be mixed with an oil, such as Jojoba Oil, which dilutes them so that they can be safely applied to theskin.
Jojoba Oil can be used as a cuticle oil or a leave-in hair conditioner.
Key Benefits:NaturallycontainingVitaminE and antioxidants, it can help keep theskiningoodcondition.Uses:Found in moisturisers, serums, cleansers, and as anaturalmakeup remover.Special Features:Lightweight, non-comedogenic, and offers excellentprotection to maintainhydration levels without clogging pores.
Both Jojoba and Argan oils are popular inskincare, but they have distinct differences:
Jojoba Oil is derived from the seeds of the Simmondsia chinensis plant native to North America, while Argan Oil comes from the kernels of the argan tree (Argania spinosa) found in Morocco.
Jojoba Oil is technically a liquid wax ester, whose structure resembles the components of human sebum, whereas Argan Oil is a mainly made up of Triglycerides (fatty substances composed of glycerol combined with 3 fatty acids)  rich in Linoleic and Oleic Acids.
Unrefined Argan Oil has a strong nutty aroma, whereas Jojoba Oil has a faint nutty or earthy scent, with refined versions being odourless and colourless.
Jojoba Oil and Argan Oil both containVitaminE and antioxidants. Given its similar composition to sebum, Jojoba Oil is more suitable for oily, blemish-proneskinand overall bodycare. Argan Oil, rich inVitaminE, essential fatty acids, and Polyphenols, is best for dry or matureskin.
Jojoba Oil and Argan Oil both present a lightweight, fast-absorbing texture thathydrates without greasiness which makes them ideal for use on theskinas well as the hair.
Discover 5skincarebenefits of Squalane and how to integrate it into an easy 3-stepskincareroutine forhydratedskin.
Formation:Squalane is derived from Squalene, anaturalcompound found in yourskin's sebum, which helps keep theskinmoisturised andprotected.Benefits:Squalane keeps theskinhydrated, while its lightweight texture suits allskintypes. Squalane also creates aprotective barrier, shielding against environmental pollutants leaving theskinsoft and supple.Use:Squalane can be easily incorporated into yourskincareroutine, either used on its own, or as an ingredient in cosmetic formulas of cleansers, serums or moisturisers.Application:Thanks to its light texture, Squalane is easy to apply and absorbs quickly without leaving oily residue.
Applyingsunscreen daily is crucial toprotecttheskinfrom harmfulUV radiation, preventing premature ageing andskindamage caused by thesun. Choose a broad-spectrum SPF 30 or higher and apply it evenly to your face and any exposed areas ofskin.
Discover the Power of Collagen forSkinwithNIVEA. Find out how to use it and its age-defying benefits.
Read Time: 7min
The difference between these Collagens is how the molecules are grouped, their cells and where the Collagen is used.
Here are the five main types of Collagen, grouped by their distinctive functions:Type IMakes up 90% of our body’s Collagen and gives structure to ourskin, bones, tendons and ligaments.
Type IIFound in elastic cartilage, it supports our joints.
Type IIIFound in muscles, arteries and organs.
Type VFound in the cornea, some layers ofskin, hair and the placenta.
Type XFound in our joints and bonesType I and Type III are the two main types of Collagen in theskinand are widely believed to be the best Collagens tohelp against wrinkles.
Collagen plays a major role in keeping theskinaround the face looking young. It provides strength, elasticity andhydration that all make for a visibly youthful complexion. This helps yourskinto look:
The delicate eye area looks bright and revitalisedOur collagen levels are highest when we are young, which is why children have such smoothskin. However, as we mature, Collagen productionnaturallyslows down. As early as our 20s, our Collagen levels deplete by about 1% every year. From then on, our bodies simply aren’t able to replace the Collagen we lose as quickly as it breaks down. The Collagen fibres also become thinner and weaker.
For ourskin, this means we start to lose our youthful radiance and notice the characteristic signs of ageing:
Choosing the rightskincareproducts isn’t the only way to top up Collagen levels. Here are some simple tips and tricks you can add to your daily life to get a Collagen boost:
Switching up yourskincareroutine is an easy way to stimulate collagen production inskin. When adopting a newskincareregime, it’s important to take it slowly. Start with one targeted product, to begin with, and build up from there. Our simpleskincaretips and advice are always here to help.
AllNIVEAproducts are dermatologically certified and safe for yourskin. When using a product for the first time, you should always check the packaging for instructions on the correct application.TheNIVEACellularRange has beencarefully created using ingredients known for their ability to restore theskin’s elasticity. TheCellularExpert Lift creams effectively addressskindamage by enhancing theskinbarrier's resilience, rejuvenating theskin's framework gradually, and refining facial contours. Whereas, theCellularExpertFillercreams restore volume to theskinand give it extra firmness while filling wrinkles and sleep marks.
Discover the benefits of Bakuchiol forskin, including how to use and pair it with other ingredients.
Read Time: 11minutes
Bakuchiol is spoken about as anaturalanti-agingactiveingredient that is as powerful as Retinol, yet gentler onskin. Derived from the seeds of the Babchi plant, also called the Psoralea Corylifolia. It has the potential toincrease Collagen production* and stimulate cell renewal, helping to minimise signs of aging.
Bakuchiol oil has traditionally been used in Indian and Chinese medicines, but it's rapidly increasing in popularity as people opt for more plant-based ingredients in theirskincareroutines. The rise in popularity can also be linked to that of Retinol, as it offers many of the same advantages without the potential irritation - making it more suitable for use onsensitiveskin.
Bakuchiol is often integrated into both morning and evening anti-ageskincareroutines, usually paired withhydrating or plumping ingredients such asHyaluronic Acid.*in vitro testing
Bakuchiol and Retinol are commonly seen as substitutes to one another due to their similar benefits, these include:
1. Vegan Friendliness:Although both can come from non-animal sources, Retinol may occasionally be derived from egg yolk or fish liver oil - making it unsuitable for vegan use. As Bakuchiol is plant-based, product formulations containing it may be suitable for vegans (provided all other ingredients and production method is vegan as well).
2. Use During Pregnancy:It is advised to avoid Retinol and any other Retinoid use during pregnancy due to the potential impact on the baby’s development. At present, the risk of using Bakuchiol during pregnancy is considered negligible. However please consult with your doctor if you plan to use Bakuchiol during pregnancy.
3.BetterTolerated bySensitiveSkin:Retinol is known to potentially irritateskin- causing dryness or redness. Bakuchiol’s soothing properties reduce these risks of irritation, making it more suitable than Retinol forsensitiveskin. However, no ingredient is ever completely without risk of any irritation.
Bakuchiols benefits are mainly anti-aging. The following are several of the key benefits of Bakuchiol for the face andskin:
Benefits:Stimulates Collagen production, reduces signs of aging, smoothesskintone, improvesskinelasticity and is an antioxidantApplication:Target signs of aging including wrinkles and loss of elasticityUse:Serums, moisturisers and face masks containing Bakuchiol can be added into both morning and eveningskincareroutinesSpecial Features:commonly known as a plant-based alternative to Retinol, with less risk of causing irritation
The easiest way to use Bakuchiol is to adopt askincareroutine that features products containing it. As a gentle ingredient it is suitable for daily use in both the morning and evening, most commonly used in anti-aging routines. It pairs well with ingredients such asHyaluronic Acid to form a powerful anti-age duo.
Follow the below routine featuring products fromNIVEACellularExpert Lift range, containingPureBakuchiol, Micro and MacroHyaluronic Acid to boostskin’s Collagen production and redefine facial contours:*in vitro testing
1. CleanseIt is important to start your routine by cleansing your face in order to remove any make-up, pollution or sebum residue which may otherwise accumulate and cause excess oiliness. Cleansing also primes the face for the latter steps in your routine. Find the ideal cleanser for yourskinwithin theNIVEACleanser range.
2. Apply serumTheNIVEACellularExpert Lift 3-Zone Lifting Serumcontains the highestpureBakuchiol concentrated formula of anyNIVEAproduct. For use on the face, neck and décolleté the serum penetratesdeeply into theskinworking to immediately  provide a lifting effect, visibly reducing wrinkles and lifting contours. Regular use over time helps to visibly improveskinelasticity and fortify its structure.
3.Hydrate yourskinMake sure not to miss the moisturising step of your routine. Moisturising your face with products that combinehydration with anti-aging effects is agoodway toprotectagainst dryness and encourage cell turnover.Apply a moisturiser to give yourskinmaximumhydration with theCellularExpert LiftPureBakuchiol anti-Age Day Cream SPF 30. For eveningskincareroutine, you could use theCellularExpert LiftPureBakuchiol Anti-Age Night Creaminstead.
4. Apply SPFMake sure to always applySPFon your face at the end of your morningskincareroutine, to provide yourskinwith fullprotection against UV rays.
5. Weekly Face MasksThese can be worked into your weekly routine to provide targeted benefits forskin.TheNIVEACellularExpert LiftPureBakuchiol Face Sheet Maskcompletes your advanced Bakuchiol anti-age routine, featuring a powerful serum infused formula that boosts Collagen, remodels, plumps and smoothsskin. For best results use twice per week.
Often referred to as the gentler plant-based alternative to Retinol, Bakuchiol offers numerous anti-aging benefits forskin. Most often infused into moisturisers andserumsand paired with ingredients such as Hyaluornic Acid, it makes a wonderful addition to anyskincareroutine.
So if you are looking for afreshnew ingredient to add to your routine to rejuvenateskin, Bakuchiol may well be your answer. TheNIVEACellularExpert Lift products hero Bakuchiol as the anti-ageactivein formulascarefully created to stimulate Collagen production whilst visibly reducing wrinkles, lifting and restructuringskin.
Discover effective tips on how to get rid of an itchy beard, common causes and treatment tips for itching on beard.
Cause:Various factors includingdryskin, beard dandruff, in-grown hairs and poor hygiene.Characteristics:Itchy, flaky, or roughskinunder the beard, which may also appear red and irritated.Prevention:Stayhydrated, maintaingoodhygiene, use gentle grooming products, and apply beard oil or balm to keep the beard andskinmoisturised.Treatment:Usehydrating and soothing beard balms or oils and exfoliate gently to address dryness, flakes or in-grown hairs
Find out how to treat and prevent dryskinunder your beard withNIVEA
Beard dandruff is incredibly similar to dandruff that occurs on the scalp. It’s a common condition, usually characterised by itchy and flakingskin.If you have beard dandruff, it’s likely you have a flaky beard. But there’s nothing to worry about – it can be improved with a few simple changes.
There’s a microbe that lives on the faces of most people, and it’s called Malassezia globosa. It’s a kind of fungus that grows and thrives in oilyskinareas full of sebaceous glands – like your scalp and your face. If you have particularly oilyskin, it can lead this fungus to grow even more – and the by-products created by the fungus can cause irritation to some people. And over time, the accumulation of all of this can cause a flaky beard due to the shedding of theskin.Alternatively, beard dandruff can be caused by dryskin. How do you know what’s caused your beard dandruff? If theskinunderneath looks fine, it’s probably just dryskin.However, if you have irritated red flakyskinunder your beard, it may need a little morecare&hellip;
If theskinunder your beard is red and irritated, you may need to investigate further as it could be a type of dermatitis.
A medical professional can be key in helping you discover if your dandruff is down to something like seborrheic dermatitis. Symptoms of this condition include red flakyskinunder your beard, but often other areas too, such as your scalp, hair, eyebrows, and beard.It even extends to flaking and scaling ofskinon more oily areas, such as the scalp, face, sides of the nose, eyebrows, and more areas of the body. Your doctor should be able to prescribe a treatment that will help.
If your beard dandruff is caused by dryskin, using a strong cleanser can make things worse as it will dry yourskinout even more. Instead, choose a gentler cleanser designed to lock in moisture.
Just like you wash your hair, you need to wash your face and beard regularly. Otherwise dirt and debris from external sources can build up and cause issues. The oily excretions from your face can also build up and make problems even worse.
Oneskincareregime won’t work throughout the entire year, so you may need to experiment to find products that work for you throughout all the different seasons. For example, you may find that cold winter air particularly dries out yourskin, meaning you will need moisture rich products. Those same products may be far toohydrating when thesummersunreturns, and you might find yourskingets too oily. Adjusting yourskincareto suit the seasons is a wonderful idea.
1) Exfoliating – this removes the dryskinunder your beard. If you have beard dandruff,  those littleskinflakes are made up of deadskincells. If you don’t clean them away, they can clog pores and trap even more dirt. By physically brushing your beard with a brush, you can bring all the dead and flakingskinto the surface and rinse it away. This clears all the visible dirt and debris so the rest of your products can tackle thedeeper issues. But because exfoliating can irritate theskin, it’s only recommended that you do these 2 or 3 times per week.2) Cleansing – some people go so far as to use a shampoo for this stage. But It’sbetterto choose a product that’s specially designed for your beard hair andskin. Why? Because it will alsocareproperly for theskinunderneath your beard too.NIVEAMENSensitiveProMenmalist Face & Beard Washis an ideal choice to stop your flaky beard in its tracks. Typical dandruff shampoos for your scalp might be too drying for the facialskinunder your beard. So opt for something that will cleanse and condition theskinon your face.3) Moisturising – dryskincan be behind a lot of beard dandruff cases, so it’s agoodidea to chooseskincareingredients that cater to yourskin. So after a moisturiser, you might also want to try a beard oil. And if you have acne-proneskin, it would begoodto opt for a beard oil that doesn’t clog your pores, likeArgan OilorJojoba Oil.4) Grooming – this includes using appropriateshaving techniquesand keeping your beard trimmed so you feel properly presentable in your day-to-day life.
Treat your beard with a bottle ofNIVEAMENSensitiveProMenmalist Face & Beard Wash. It’s made up of 10 essential ingredients which work together to gently remove dirt and oil without drying out theskin. It’s a mild, yet effective cleanser, which is just what you need when beard dandruff takes over.And remember to dry your beard thoroughly after washing to make thatfreshfeeling last.NIVEAcaters to a number of differentskintypes too, from ultra-sensitiveskintoskinthat’s on the oily side; it’s worth reading up on somemen’sskincareto find out what suits you.You’ll want to follow that with a great moisturiser.NIVEAMENSensitiveProMenmalist Face Cream adds moisture to the facialskinand beard to keep you looking well-groomed and feelinggood.
Aloe is known for its healing attributes as it isnaturallyantiseptic and antioxidant. In order to use this method, you’ll need a tube of aloe vera gel. You can find this easily at a pharmacy or healthcareshop. Squeeze some from the tube and coat your beard. Rub the gel in and let it sit for 5 minutes before rinsing thoroughly. This should help your flaky beard, and soften theskintoo.
Thanks to the acidic properties of lemon juice, it can help slough away deadskin– much like an exfoliant – and clear dandruff away.All you need is 2 teaspoons offreshly squeezed lemon juice and 1 cup of warm water. Mix them together well, and then rub the mixture gently into your beard. Leave it on for 5 minutes before rinsing thoroughly. It’s agoodidea to do this daily until the dandruff has disappeared.Be sure to patch test lemon juice before applying as it is not suitable for allskintypes. If it causes any irritation, do not use it.
There’s more to beard maintenance than regular washing and moisturising. Your lifestyle has a huge impact on your beard too.Here are a few ways you can keep things lookinggood.1. Keep it trimmedPut the razor and clippers away! Let your beard grow in properly and give it time to lookgood. However, you might want to trim it every now and then for a more tamed, groomed look.2. Get your 8 hoursA lack of sleep shows up on your face – and in your beard. Your body functionsbetterwhen you get plenty of rest, and the benefit of those extra few hours of sleep will show up in the condition of your beard.3. Eat healthyGet yourvitamins and minerals with abalanced diet. Like sleep, fuelling your body with healthy and nutritious foods is a recipe for success and will have an impact on the appearance of your hair andskin– and a great diet can even help your hair grow faster.
Did you know that growing a beard can begoodfor you? It’s a great look, and has an impact on other aspects of your life.Beards help to:1. Keep you warm in the winter2. Block thesunin thesummer(which in turn canprotectthat part of your face from UV rays)3. Reduce the risk of asthma and allergies by trapping particles – kind of like a filterThree cheers for beards!
Beard dandruff is a common problem, but consistency is key. Just remember tocarefor your facialskinand your beard hair – they both require moisture to look and feelgood.If you’ve tried the above recommendations but still find yourself with beard dandruff, you might need to speak to askincareprofessional as there could be an underlying health problem. In most cases, a prescription strength treatment can work wonders.
Discover the steps to shaving properly and master a clean, close shave without irritation.
Read Time: 14min
Formen, achieving a smooth and irritation-free shave is not just a daily routine; it's a crucial part of personal grooming. Shaving, though seemingly straightforward, demands technique,care, and the right products. Using the correct technique is important for a number of reasons, including:
Ultimately, mastering the art of shaving can enhance a grooming routine, boost confidence, and contribute to a polished and well-groomed look. This comprehensive guide explores everything needed for shaving, from pre-shave preparation tailored to specificskintypes to the art of using the razor correctly. Whether a novice or an experienced shaver seeking to refine their technique, this guide will aid in achieving a confident and comfortable shave, while keepingskinhealthy and looking its best.
In order to shave yourskinproperly, it is important to use the right tools and products. You will need:
3. Apply shaving creamShaving cream can help to prevent yourskinfrom getting irritated, but also to get a clean shave effect. For the best possible application, spread the cream, gel or foam in an upward movement. This will help to lift your hair up to shave it off more easily.NIVEAMENoffers a wide range of shaving creams and gel, for normal tosensitiveskin.
4. Start to shaveFor a close shave, use small strokes and begin with your cheeks, working way down to your neck - which is the mostsensitivepart. It may be trickier around yourlips and jawline because of the angle. To make it easier, you can puff your cheeks out to make the surface more accessible. Remember to rinse the blade in between the strokes and to shave in the direction your hair grows. This will help to avoid irritation and achieve a cleaner shave.Once done, rinse your face off with warm water and allow it to air dry before moving on to the next step.Don’t forget to clean and wipe your razor with a clean cloth, and store it in a dry area after each use. Doing this will prevent bacteria and rust from sticking to the blade, which could be a risk if you ever cut yourself with it.
5. Apply after-shave
After-shave balm is beneficial to yourskinsince it helps reduce irritation, razor burn and bumps that can appear after shaving. Ingredients likeVitaminEand Aloe Vera are ingredients commonly found in after-shave balm, which help maintain theskinhealthy and soothe burns andskindamage. It clears theporesof any bacteria and seals them again to prevent additional dirt from getting into it.TheNIVEAMENSensitiveCoolPost Shave Balminstantly relieves theskinfrom 5 signs of irritation (burning, redness, dryness, tightness, itchiness) and provides long-lastinghydration. Its formula is alcohol-free and infused with Chamomile Extract for a non-greasy and fast-absorbing action.
Choosing the right razor for you is important, depending on yourskintype, but also the type of shave that you want. When it comes to choosing, there are five primary types of razors, each best suited for different shaving needs:
The choice of razor depends on yourskintype, shaving preferences, and skill level. All things considered, it's essential to select the one that aligns with your needs for the best shaving experience.
Time and convenience:today's razor technology has made it easy formento enjoy a speedy shave. You simply need to insert a battery into the electric shaver or remove a disposable cartridge razor from its packaging, and you're ready to start shavingNo need for water or foam:When your hairs are dry, they're stiff, so the razor doesn't touch yourskinvery closely. This helps prevent ingrown hairs that can turn into razor bumps because the razor doesn't cut the hair beneath yourskin.
Achieving a successful shave involvescareful preparation and consideration of your individual needs. Whether shaving the face or body, understandingskintype is crucial. Choosing the right tools and products, such as razors, shaving cream, and after-shave balm, can greatly enhance your shaving experience.For a smooth shave, it's essential to follow a proper routine, including cleansing, exfoliating, applying shaving cream, and using small,careful strokes while shaving. After-shave and moisturiser play a significant role in maintainingskinhealth.Dry shaving with an electric razor offers convenience but may not provide the closest shave. It's important to weigh the advantages and disadvantages and follow best practices for optimal results.Remember, the key to successful shaving is personalcareand attention to your unique needs and preferences.
Experiencing razor bumps? Here is everything you need to know about them. Including their most common causes and a shaving routine you can adopt to reduce their appearance.
Cause: Razor bumps are a result of ingrown hairs and inflammation after shaving, causing red, itchy bumps.Insight:They are more common in individuals with curly or coarse hair due to the hair's tendency to curl back into theskin.Prevention:Proper shaving techniques, exfoliation, and moisturising can help prevent shaving spots.Treatment:Over-the-counter treatments with ingredients like Salicylic Acid or Glycolic acid can provide relief from razor bumps.
Razor bumps can occur in various areas where shaving is common. Here are some common places where razor bumps are often experienced:
It's important to note that while these are common areas for razor bumps, they can technically occur anywhere on the body where shaving is performed.
Getting rid of razor bumps can be achieved through a combination of preventive measures, home remedies and, in some cases, medical treatments. Here are some tips to help you get rid of razor bumps:
Remember that it may take time for razor bumps to heal completely, and consistency of these steps can help reduce their occurrence in the future. If the condition worsens or persists despite trying these solutions, consult a dermatologist for professional advice and treatment options.
Cleansing:Start by cleansing your face with a gentle cleanser to remove any impurities from yourskin, preparing it for a smooth shave. Formulated with Chamomile Extract,VitaminE andmenthol, theNIVEAMENSensitiveFace Washhelps to gently remove dirt and oil without drying out theskin.Exfoliation:Exfoliate 2-3 times a week, use a mild exfoliator to remove deadskincells. This helps prevent ingrown hairs and promotes smoother shaving.
Apply Shaving Cream or Gel:Before shaving, apply a shaving cream or gel to create aprotective barrier and ensure a smooth shave. Made with Chamomile andVitaminE, theNIVEAMENSensitiveShaving Gelhelps to soften your facial hair with a thin gliding layer for a non-irritating shave.Shave Properly:Use a sharp, clean razor and shave in the direction of hair growth. Avoid going over the same area multiple times to minimise irritation.
Discover the causes for dark circles & bags under the eyes inmenand the best ways to get rid of them.
Dark circles under the eyes affect bothmenand womendue to various causes beyond lack of sleep.Men's thickerskinand bone structure may make them less prone to dark circles and eye bags. Causes include lack of sleep, aging,sunexposure, unhealthy diet, eye strain, allergies, dehydration, genetics, and health issues. Formento reduce bags under their eyes and dark circles, prioritise sleep, make dietary changes, manage allergies, wearsunscreen, and adopt a healthier lifestyle.NIVEAMENoffers products with ingredients such as Caffeine,Hyaluron, Pro-Retinol, andLuminous630 to helpmenreduce the appearance of bags and dark circles.
Dark circles under the eyes are a commonskincareconcern characterised by the presence of dark or discoloured areas beneath the lower eyelids. They can give the appearance of shadows or discolouration, making the person look tired or fatigued. Dark circles can vary in colour and intensity, ranging from blue, purple, brown, andblack.
Bags under the eyes refer to the swelling or puffiness that occurs beneath the lower eyelids. They can create a bulging or sagging appearance in the under-eye area. They are anotherskincareconcern that is commonly associated with tiredness and fatigue.
Men'sskinis typically 25% thicker than women's and has higher levels ofCollagenand Elastin, a lack of which can cause dark circles and eye bags. This may explain why these concerns are more common among women.Menalso have a different bone structure, which influences the appearance of bags and dark circles. Due to their differences, it's important formento seek solutions that are tailored to them.
Creams containing caffeine help stimulate blood circulation, instantly energizing theskin.NIVEAMENAnti-Tiredness Energizing Moisturizing Cream utilizes caffeine and Guarana plant extract to awaken tired-lookingskin, reducing the onset prevalence of dark circles and bags.
Recommended for:those looking to rejuvenate a fatigued complexion and slow signs of agingskin.
Tip for best results:cleanse yourskinfirst with theNIVEAMENSkinEnergy Face Wash Gel, and repeat this process both morning and night.
Hyaluronic Acid attracts and retains moisture,deeply moisturising the under-eye area.NIVEAMENAnti-AgeHyaluronMoisturizing Cream combinesHyaluronwith Pro-Retinol to visiblyreduce wrinklesand firmskin.
Recommended for: those looking for a more advanced anti-age solution, who most likely have visible wrinkles and saggingskinunder their eyes.
Tip for best results: apply after theNIVEAAnti-AgeHyaluronFace Moisturing Gel, allowing a few minutes for it to sink in, for a smoother feeling and visibly firmer complexion.
TheLuminousMenRange provides a solution for multiple signs of aging, such as tired under eyes, wrinkles, anddark spots. The combination ofLuminous630 andHyaluroningredients helps brighten andhydrate theskinfor a refreshed and even complexion. TheNIVEAMENLuminousAnti-Age Power Serumand Anti-Age Power Moisturizer are specifically formulated with high concentrations ofLuminous630 to effectively penetratemen's thickerskin.
Recommended for:menwho want the most advanced solution to illuminate and smooth their complexion, with additional anti-age benefits.
Tip for best results: apply the serum tofreshly cleansedskinand allow it to sink in for 1-2 minutes before applying the moisturiser.
Explore the effective solutions for targeting prominent dark circles and eye bags or revitalizing your complexion withNIVEAMEN. Whether you're seeking to combat early signs of fatigue or learn more advanced anti-aging solutions,NIVEAMENhas you covered. Take a closer look at our ranges and discover the transformation you've been looking for.
Discover a simple 5-stepskincareroutine formen, with further supplementaryskincaretips
Read Time: 7 minutes
There are additional steps that you may want to add to this simple 5-stepskincareroutine, these include:
There are many types of serums available to you with variousactiveingredients to focus on differentskinconcerns. Facial serums generally contain more concentratedactiveingredients (vitaminE,hyaluronic acid, bakuchiol) and have a lighter, less oily formula. This allows for the quicker absorption of higher concentrations of effective ingredients that help boostskincomplexion.
Face masks are similar to facial serums in that there is a wide variety available  which offer specific benefits by delivering more concentrated ingredients to yourskin. They are great for supplementing your mainskincareroutine on a weekly basis.
Theskincan be verysensitiveafter shaving, and it is important to take those extra few moments to give yourskinattention post-shave. Use agoodquality post-shave balm to soothe,cooland revitalise yourskin. Certain balms can helpprotectsensitiveskinafter shaving against the 5 signs ofskinirritation: burning, redness, dryness, tightness, and micro-cuts.
Men-Specific Needs:Men’sskintends to be a bit thicker and oilier because it requires specialised products forhydration, cleansing, and post-shavecare.A Simple Routine:Cleanser to remove dirt and excess oil, moisturiser tohydrate and strengthen theskinbarrier, and SPF toprotecttheskinagainst damage and premature ageing caused by UV. It is also recommended to exfoliate 1-2 times a week to remove deadskincells and unclog pores.The Importance of Moisturisation:Regular moisturising keepsskinhydrated, combats dryness, and promotes a healthy glow.
It’s easy to think SPF is only forsunny days, but UV rays can affect theskineven on cloudy days or indoors.Fix:Applysunscreen daily as the last step in the morning routine.
It’s easy to think SPF is only forsunny days, but UV rays can affect theskineven on cloudy days or indoors.
Fix:Applysunscreen daily as the last step in the morning routine.
Harshskincareproducts can disrupt theskin’snaturalbarrier, leading to dryness, irritation, or excessive oil production.Fix:Choose products that are suited to theskintype and formulated to maintain itsnaturalbalanceandhydration.
Using products not tailored to theskintype can lead to imbalances, whether that’s excessive oiliness or dryness.Fix:Get to know theskintype (oily, dry, combination, orsensitive) and pick products that are designed for it.
Oilyskinstill needshydration. Skipping moisturiser might make theskinproduce more oil, leading to unwantedshine.Fix:Opt for a lightweight, mattifying moisturiser thathydrates without clogging pores. This is an important step in agoodskincareroutine formen.
Exfoliating too frequently can damage theskin’sprotective barrier, leading to irritation.Fix:Stick to exfoliating once or twice a week with a gentle scrub or chemical exfoliant as part of a basicskincareroutine formen.
Using products in the wrong order can affect their performance.Fix:Follow this simple sequence: Cleanser → Exfoliator (if used) → Eye Cream → Serum (if used) → Moisturiser → SPF (morning only). Check outNIVEA’s article onhow to build askincareroutine.
Shaving with a dull razor, shaving dry, or skipping aftercarecan lead to irritation or ingrown hairs.Fix:Shave with a sharp razor, use a soothing shaving cream, and always follow with a calming post-shave balm.By avoiding these commonskincaremistakes and following a simple, well-structured maleskincareroutine,mencan enjoy healthier-looking, clearer, and more refreshedskin.
Find out what causes oilyskininmenand how to prevent it best.
Menare typically more prone to getting oilyskindue to increased levels of hormones and theskinbeing thicker.Menhave larger sebaceous glands and produce twice the amount of sebum in response to this increased hormone testosterone.
There are a few common causes for excessive oil production:Improper CleansersUsing harsh cleansers on theskin. If you notice you have oilyskin, it may be tempting to scrub aggressively and over-cleanse theskin. This will in fact only make oilyskinworse as using harsh cleansers results in excess sebum production. This is theskin'snaturalreaction to compensate and produce more oil in an attempt toprotecttheskin.Environmental factorsIf you are in a dry climate and are experiencing dryskin, this can lead to this increased sebum production, or if you are in a humid climate, this can also lead to increased sweat and oilyskin.
DietYour diet has a bigger impact on yourskinthan you may realise, if you find yourself producing excessive sebum/oil it may be down to what you're consuming.These certain food categories listed can trigger excessive oil production:-Salt-Red meat-Sugar-Dairy-AlcoholStressWhen a person becomesstressed the level of the body'sstresshormone cortisol increases, which leads to excessive oil production. It’s therefore important for those experiencing oilyskinto find time to relax and keepstresslevels low.TestosteroneIf you have higher than normal testosterone levels or you are experiencing your testosterone levels changing, which is commonly experienced through puberty, this can also result in excessive production of sebum.
Although oilyskincan lead to breakouts and can be frustrating to deal with at times, oilyskinstill has its benefits.Disadvantages of oilyskinformen:-May clog poresThe most significant disadvantage of oilyskinis that it often clogs pores, which often leads to breakouts.-Shiny faceOilyskincan give the appearance of glowingskin, however there is a fine line between this and the appearance of shiny and greasyskin.-More attention toskincareHaving oilyskinmeans that you have to take morecarein what products you choose to use on yourskinand be more aware of how tocarefor yourskin.Advantages of oilyskinformen:-Hydrates and moisturises theskinOil is a form of moisturiser, if you find yourself to havenaturallyoilyskinthis can be a blessing as it’s likely you won’t suffer from dry and flakyskin.-Protects against the environmentOilyskincan act as aprotective barrier against external forces such as wind, air pollution and thesun.
Wash without over-washingAsmentioned before overwashing can lead to dryskinand this vicious cycle between both dry and oilyskin. Try a gentle face wash to get rid of your oilyskinas this will help regulate sebum production without drying out theskin.NIVEAMENSensitiveFace Washis an alcohol-free face wash that provides instant relief from 5 signs ofskinirritation: burning, dryness, tightness, itchiness and impurities. It ensures you clear theskinof any built-up oils while also not drying it out.Exfoliate any deadskinThis is to unclog your pores and reduce sebum buildup effectively. You should notexfoliatemore than twice a week as this can irritate theskinand lead to dryness, which commonly has the knock-on effect of more oilyskin.Use a non-greasy, fast-absorbing moisturiserAlthough it may seem wrong to add moisturiser to oilyskin, it is important as this will stop any further sebum production as a reaction to dryskin. You should however choose a non-greasy/fast-absorbing moisturiser to decrease that oilyskinlook, which also applies to any SPF you also apply after.
Discover everything you need to know about anti-aging formenand askincareroutine to help with signs of aging.
Read Time: 9min
Aging is thenaturalprocess of life and is something to celebrate, but some may want to reduce the signs of it on theirskin. Anti-agingskincareformenfocuses on reducing visible signs of aging and preventing premature damage caused by environmental factors. Theskinundergoesnaturalchanges, including a reduction in Collagen production, reduced elasticity and increased dryness. Fine lines, wrinkles, and unevenskintone become more noticeable, making it key to adopt a targetedskincareroutine.A well-structured anti-aging routine will help boostskinhydration, firmness andprotectagainst external aggressors. By incorporating the right products and healthy lifestyle habits, you can help slow down the effects of theskin's ageing process and keep yourskinlooking younger.
Asmenage,CollagenandElastinproductionnaturallydecline. Collagen provides structure and firmness to theskin, while elastin maintains its flexibility. Reduced levels lead to sagging, wrinkles and fine lines.
Prolonged exposure toultraviolet (UV) raysacceleratesskinaging through a process called photoaging. UV rays break down Collagen, cause pigmentation changes (such assunspots), and contribute to unevenskintone and the appearance of premature wrinkles.
Poor nutrition, smoking and excessive alcohol consumption contribute to premature aging. Smoking reduces the supply of oxygen to theskin,, causing dullness and wrinkles, while alcohol dehydrates theskin, making it appear tired and dry. A diet lacking in antioxidants and essential nutrients can also lead to fasterskinaging.
Without adequate cleansing, moisturising, andsunprotection, theskinbecomes more vulnerable to damage, dryness, and premature wrinkles.Hydration from the inside by consuming a sufficient quantity of water is also important for keepingskinhydrated. Dehydratedskinlooks dull and is more prone to the formation of fine lines.
Chronicstressand poor sleep increase cortisol levels, which break down collagen and lead to premature aging. Lack of rest also slows downskincell regeneration, resulting in a dull and tired complexion.By addressing these factors through suitableskincare, abalanced diet and a healthy lifestyle,mencan help slow down the aging process and maintain youthful-lookingskinfor longer
Chronicstressand poor sleep increase cortisol levels, which break down collagen and lead to premature aging. Lack of rest also slows downskincell regeneration, resulting in a dull and tired complexion.
By addressing these factors through suitableskincare, abalanced diet and a healthy lifestyle,mencan help slow down the aging process and maintain youthful-lookingskinfor longer
Aging is a process that happens to everyone eventually, it’s completelynaturaland a sign of a life lived in full. However,NIVEAunderstands how it can have an effect on your self-esteem, and is here to support you on yourskincarejourney. If you notice in yourself any of the signs listed below thenNIVEAmay be able to help.One of the symptoms that you may begin to notice is the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. This is due to a decrease in Collagen production, which leads to the formation of creases around the mouth, eyes, and forehead.
Other symptoms thatmenmay experience as they age include enlarged pores, particularly in the nose and cheek areas. Additionally, due to increased sensitivity orsundamage, one may develop long-term facial redness.
Another noticeable symptom is the dull and dry appearance of theskin, this occurs as theskin'snaturaloil production diminishes, often resulting in flakiness and a rough texture.
In addition to these visible signs of aging, another significant change is thinningskin, leaving you with a transparent look. As you grow older theskinweakens due to your body producing lessCollagenandElastin, making it difficult for injuries and cuts to heal quickly.
Let's dive into some handy tips to help you effortlessly fitskincareinto your busy routine. We get it, life can be hectic! But looking after yourskindoesn't have to be a chore. Here's how to make it easy:
Look for products that do double duty. For example, moisturisers with SPF will save you time andprotectyourskin.
Consider nighttime yourskin's downtime. Apply a night cream or serum before bed, and let it work its magic while you sleep.
Store yourskincareitems where you can see them - perhaps on the bathroom shelf or by your bedside. That way, you’ll have a reminder to use them consistently.
Makeskincarepart of your morning routine, just like brushing your teeth. Get into the habit, and it'll become second nature.
Characteristics:The characteristics of agingskintypically includewrinkles, fine lines, age spots, decreasedskinelasticity, and a loss of firmness.Causes:Skinaging is primarily caused by factors such assunexposure, genetics, lifestyle choices and a decrease in collagen and Elastin production.Prevention:To preventskinaging,protectyourskinfrom thesun, stayhydrated and follow a diligentskincareroutine.Treatment:You can treatskinaging with askincareroutine that includes products withRetinol,Hyaluronic AcidandSPF.
Skincaremay seem straightforward to some, but it can easily become complicated. Let's talk about some commonskincarehiccups often stumbled upon, and how we can fix them:
It's important to include SPF in your dailyskincareroutine.Sunprotection is essential for maintaining healthy-lookingskinand preventing long-term damage. SPF acts as aprotective barrier against harmful UV rays, which can increase the risk ofskindamage. Regular use ofsunscreen helps shield yourskinfrom harmful effects, keeping it radiant-looking and safe from thesun’s damaging rays.
NIVEAoffers a wide range ofsunprotection products for allskintypes, from high SPFsunscreens tohydrating formulas forsensitiveskin. Whether you need a lightweight, fast-absorbing lotion or a moisturising milk or cream, theNIVEASunrange has something for everyone, ensuring yourskinstays safe andprotected every day.
Try adding theNIVEASensitiveDailyProtectMoisturiser SPF 30 into your routine for dailysunprotection andhydration. The alcohol-free* formula with SPF30 helps shieldsensitiveskinfrom UVA/UVB rays, thus reducing the risk ofsun-induced signs of ageing and giving theskina morenaturalappearance.  The lightweight, non-greasy texture absorbs quickly, leavingskinfeeling moisturised andprotected.
*no Ethyl Alcohol
Clinically tested to reduce signs of aging.
Fast-absorbing, non-greasy formulas suitable for normal, dry, oily, andsensitiveskin.
Thiamidol– Targets and visibly reduces dark spots for an evenskintone.Hyaluron–Hydrates and plumpsskin, reducing the appearance of fine lines.Pro-VitaminB5– Supportsskinregeneration and strengthens theskinbarrier.Pro-Retinol– Enhancesskinrenewal, reducing wrinkles and improving firmness.a
Enjoy thesummersunwithNIVEA’s line ofsunproducts
When it comes tosummer, we’d all like to have some fun in thesun. Here on this page, you’ll discover our entire line ofsuncareproducts. Whether you’re looking toprotectyourself from those harmful UV rays, treatsensitiveskinor help enhance your beautiful tan, we’ve got exactly what you need to keep yourself and your whole family safe and comfortable in thesun, whatever the time of year. Browse our wide selection ofNIVEAsuncareproducts and find what you need to takecareof your body when the weather warms up. Use our filter function, located at the top of the page, to sort our selection by product type or by your specific needs and preferences. We’ve got something to suit all your needs. You won’t be disappointed.
Not sure what the bestsuncareproduct for you is? Let us help!
Sometimes it can be difficult to know exactly whichsunlotion is ideal for giving you the rightcarefor a day at the beach or the appropriate SPFsunscreen for your infant or toddler’s preciousskin. Luckily, we’ve got you covered. We’ve got a number of expert articles designed to help you choose the ideal solutions for all of yoursuncareneeds. Our highly informative pieces are here to guide you on your path to the right decision, and we’ll keep you up-to-date on the facts you need to stay safe and comfortable in thesummersun. Instead of worrying about thesun’s harmful UV rays and the discomfort ofsunburns, let us help you choose the idealsunproduct for yourskin, so you can focus on relaxing and enjoying the warmth instead.
We’ve gotNIVEASunCareproducts for any occasion
Thesunis there to be enjoyed by all, and withNIVEA’s line ofsuncareproducts, enjoy it you shall! We don’t just offersunscreen either. We have lotions, sprays and roll-ons that are perfect not only for stayingprotected from those harmful UV rays, but also for keeping yourskinhealthy, moisturised and soft, no matter what season it is. Everyone’sskinis unique, so we made sure we have an equally unique line up ofsuncareproducts that are guaranteed to match your specific needs.
Discover what Melanin is, how it is produced, what it does for theskinand how you can reduce orbalanceits production.
Melanocytes create two visible kinds of Melanin which differ in terms of their colour tone and location on the body:
Melanin is made by melanocytes which are found in the basal layer of the epiderm (top layer of theskin) and hair follicles. They are also present in different parts of your body, such as:
Melanin Types:Melanin, derived from the amino acid Tyrosine, comes in two main types - EuMelanin (dark brown) and PheoMelanin (red or yellow tint).SkinDefense Mechanism:Melanin acts as anaturaldefence, absorbing UV light and helping to prevent damage to theskin's DNA,protecting against UVC, UVB, UVA, and blue light.Consequences of Melanin Deficiency:Insufficient Melanin is linked toskindisorders (vitiligo, albinism, melasma), increased risk of vision loss,sundamage, and hearing issues in the inner ear.BalanceMelanin Levels:Methods to helpbalancemelanin levels include using adaptedsuncreams, addressing hyperpigmentation withskincareproducts, maintaining abalanced diet rich in antioxidants,Vitamins A, C, and E, and avoiding unsafe practices like tanning beds.
A 5-stepSkincareRoutine to Help Balancing Excess of Melanin in Top Layers of theSkin:
To address concerns related to melanin excesses, such as hyperpigmentation or unevenskintone, it is important to tailor yourskincareroutine accordingly.
Begin by cleansing yourskinwith a gentle cleanser adapted to yourskintype to effectively remove dirt, oil, and impurities.This sets the stage for targeted exfoliation, crucial for addressing dark spots and unevenskintone. Incorporating an exfoliant, helps to shed deadskincells and promote cell turnover, and may help to gradually diminish the appearance of dark spots.
Follow up with ahydrating serum such as theNIVEACellularLuminous630 Anti Dark-Spot Face Treatment Serum, enriched withHyaluronic Acidand patentedLuminousingredient which acts by balancing existing pigmentation to fade spots and prevent their appearance.
You may want to note it is important to reapply SPFprotection frequently throughout the day to preserveskinhealth and radiance.TheNIVEAUVShineControl SPF50protects yourskinimmediately againstsunexposure and other UV-induced faceskindamage with an instant and long-lasting mattifying effect.
Sometimesstretch marksmay also present Melanin excess.  If you are noticing stretch marks on your body, theNIVEALuminousrange offers theNIVEAAnti Stretch Marks Body Serumto even out theskintone, with the first visible results in 2 weeks.If you prefer a creamier texture, you could use theNIVEAAnti Marks & Spots bodycream as a replacement, providing 48 hours of moisture and reducing the visibility of marks in 4 weeks***.One application per day on the targeted area is sufficient. Use only one product containing Thiamidol on your body per day.*Consumer test, 89 participants**Instrumental test, 33 subjects***Consumer test, 87 participants
Antioxidants seem promising in helping toprotecttheskinfrom free radicals, which can be generated following a UV exposure. Some Micronutrients as well as flavonoids or polyphenols, found in the plants people eat, work as powerful antioxidants which can be useful toprotecttheskinfrom external influences. Micronutrients could also stimulate Melanin production. Some of them might boost Melanin, while others could help reduce it.To get more antioxidants, try eating foods like dark leafy greens, dark berries, dark chocolate, and colourful veggies. Takingvitaminand mineral supplements might also be helpful.
Similar toVitamins A and E,VitaminCacts as an antioxidant. It is essential for maintaining healthy mucous membranes and might have some influence on Melanin production andskinprotection.IncludingVitaminC-rich foods in your diet, like citrus, berries, and leafy green vegetables, has beneficial effects on theskin. Applied on yourskin, it also can help lighten dark spots by slowing down the activity of an enzyme called tyrosinase. People often use it inskincareto reduce dark spots and even for treating dark spots on the gums.
It is however recommended to consult your health practitioner before integrating any supplement into your daily diet.
Explore the symptoms ofsunallergy and how toprotectyourskinfromsun-induced irritation.
These symptoms can range from mild to severe and may disappear once out of thesunor last for several days. Recognising these signs early can help prevent further irritation and help keep theskinprotected. If you are worried about asunallergy, seek medical attention to get further reassurance and guidance on the best way to manage it.
As it is a group term, it’s important to understand that not every person will experience the same type. There are a number of conditions that fall under the bracket ofsunallergies, which are:
Also known as “sunpoisoning”, which is the most common form. It often appears as small bumps or red patches (that sometimes blister) after a few hours in thesun.
A photoallergic reaction is where a chemical applied to theskinreacts with thesunlight and irritates theskin. For example, this could be caused by certain ingredients insunscreen or perfumes.
This is a type of photodermatosis that is sometimes known as “sunallergy hives”. It can occur after just a few minutes of exposure to thesun, and can range from mild to severe symptoms.
This variation ofskinrash most often affects people with darkerskintones.  It appears as a rash accompanied by intense itching, papules and patches on theskin, which can sometimes persist throughout the year but are more severe in spring and on areas of the body exposed to thesun.
Conditions like dermatitis can increase the risk of developing asunallergy. In general, a small dose ofsunlight tends to improve atopic dermatitis, but in some rare cases it can also make it worse. Other diseases such as lupus or rosacea can also be aggravated by exposure to thesun, which encourages rashes.
Certain drugs, such as Tetracycline antibiotics, Sulfa-based medications, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs like Ketoprofen, can make theskinmoresensitiveto the tosun.
Somesunallergies occur when theskincomes into contact with a substance and is then exposed tosunlight. Common triggers include chemical substances contained in fragrances, disinfectants, and chemicals in certainsunscreens.
Having a parent or sibling with asunallergy raises the likelihood of experiencing it yourself.
Hydration helps maintainskinmoisture, supporting itsnaturalbarrier and reducing dryness or irritation, which can minimise the symptoms ofsunallergy reaction.
Try to gently place acoolcloth on the affected area or try to rinse theskinwithcoolwater to help reduce heat and irritation on theskin.
Antihistamines can act on the cause ofsunallergy by reducing itching, swelling, and hives caused by histamine release. Consult a medical professional for further advice on what antihistamines to take.
In some cases, local treatment with corticosteroids is recommended. Consult your doctor if your symptoms are severe or if they worsen, in order to receive appropriate treatment.
Staying in the shade, particularly during the hours of maximumsunlight, minimises exposure to UV rays, thereby limiting the risk of allergic reactions to thesun.
Avoid touching or scratching theskin, as this can lead to an additional feeling of irritation or drierskin.
After the most severe symptoms have resolved, it's important to takecareof yourskinto keep ithydrated and promote itsnaturalrepair. Moisturising helps to maintain theskin's moisture content, reinforcing itsnaturalbarrier and reducing signs of dryness caused by thesun, such as itching and tightness. Do not use cosmetic products on damagedskin. Always seek medical advice if in doubt.Try applying a fragrance-free moisturiser likeNIVEARepair&CareCream for Very DrySkin, which containsGlycerin, to instantly soothe dry, itch-proneskin, support regeneration of theprotective barrier and provide long-lasting relief from tightness and itching.
After the most severe symptoms have resolved, it's important to takecareof yourskinto keep ithydrated and promote itsnaturalrepair. Moisturising helps to maintain theskin's moisture content, reinforcing itsnaturalbarrier and reducing signs of dryness caused by thesun, such as itching and tightness. Do not use cosmetic products on damagedskin. Always seek medical advice if in doubt.
Try applying a fragrance-free moisturiser likeNIVEARepair&CareCream for Very DrySkin, which containsGlycerin, to instantly soothe dry, itch-proneskin, support regeneration of theprotective barrier and provide long-lasting relief from tightness and itching.
Sunallergy versussunburn:Unlikesunburn, which usually happens after prolonged or intense exposure,sunallergy can occur after a short period of exposure to thesun. The main symptoms are a rash and itching, whereassunburn is characterised by symptoms such as redness, heat and pain, and typically occurs in areas wheresuncream has not been used.Sunallergy versus heat rash:Sunallergies are different from heat rashes –Although they can both cause small red and itchy spots, heat rashes are caused by sweat trapped in theskin, whereassunallergies are an immune system reaction tosunlight, typically triggered by UVA and UVB exposure.Prevention:Wearingsunscreen,protective clothing, and limitingsunexposure can help reduce the risk of irritation and asunallergy.
Usesunscreen with a very high broad-spectrum SPF, wearprotective clothing suitable forsensitiveskin, and a wide-brimmed hat to shield yourskinfrom harmful UV rays.
Stay in the shade or indoors between 10 AM and 4 PM, when thesun’s rays are strongest.
Allow yourskinto adjust tosunlight over time by slowly increasing exposure rather than jumping into intensesunlight.
Choose fragrance-free moisturisers andsunscreens to reduce the risk of irritation and allergic reactions caused by certain chemicals. If you are allergic to a specific substance, with the help of your doctor, try to identify it and avoid using it by checking the list of ingredients in yourskincareproducts.
For those who wear makeup regularly, incorporating a primer, serum, and SPF into their routine can help provide more completeskincareandprotection. TheNIVEASUN2In1 Primer UV Serum SPF 50+combines the benefits of a primer, a serum andsunprotection in the same lightweight, fast-absorbing formula. Containing two types ofHyaluronic Acid tohydrate theskinand antioxidant Licochalcone, it offers immediateprotection against short-term and long-term UV damage to theskin, such as prematureskinageing. Formulated without fragrance, it is suitable for allskintypes.
NIVEAoffers a wide range of facesunscreens tailored to allskintypes and needs, fromsensitiveskinto high-performance formulas. No matter what your concern may be,NIVEAhas asunscreen to provide theprotection andcareyourskindeserves.
Stayprotected from UV rays by learning how muchsunscreen to use, when/how to apply it, whether to apply it before or after moisturiser & more.
1. First things first, you’ll want to thoroughlyshakeyoursunscreen bottle before using it. This will help to break up any clumping that may occur when thesunscreen is stored for longer periods of time.2. Fully cover all areas of exposedskinand don’t forget the ears, neck, or the back of hands - often these are missed. Rather than squirting thesunscreen into your hand in one go, apply smaller, evenly-sized dots to ensure it spreads thoroughly and effectively.3. When applying to the face, gently tap thesunscreen rather than rubbing it since this will help to avoid irritation and ensure a more even application.3. Take extracarewhen applying around the eyes. In fact, if you can, opt for a sticksunscreen as this will allow you to apply a thin layer and minimise the risk of any eye irritation.3. When applyingsunscreen to your face, opt for a facesunscreen as these are formulated to avoid irritation and are typically lighter, which minimise their appearance.
At the very least you’ll want to applysunscreen daily - even if it’s cloudy. This is why it’sgoodto include SPF in your dailyskincareroutine in the form of a moisturiser with SPF. By incorporating this, you will habitually apply a layer ofprotection every day.With that said, one application at the start of the day isn’t enough - so how often should you reapplysunscreen?Aim to reapply at least every two hours, as well as immediately after swimming or after breaking a sweat, since both will break down anysunscreen applied beforehand.It’s important to remember that, although we may begoodat applyingsunscreen before heading out, mostsundamage occurs later on in the day once the first application weakens - so be sure to continuously applysunscreen all day.
When applyingsunscreen before makeup, be sure to let yourskindry for at least 5 minutes beforehand as this will ensure maximum absorption.Of course, reapplyingsunscreen throughout the day (as you should!) may affect makeup. One way of avoiding this is to dab a makeup sponge in a small pool ofsunscreen and dab it over your face.By dabbing instead of rubbing, you avoid smudging the makeup. Additionally, using a lightersunscreen will also help to avoid smudging, but as always, it’s best to opt for thesunscreen that will afford you the mostprotection.
Yes, although it’s best not to use it as a substitute. Moisturisers are purpose made forhydratingskin, whereas this is an additional but not primary feature ofsunscreen, so yourskinmay not receive thehydration it requires.It also depends on whether or not yoursunscreen is formulated for a specificskintype. For example, asunscreen formulated for oilyskinwill be lighter, and so you should use a moisturiser too otherwise yourskinmay not be sufficientlyhydrated.
Using a flannel or cloth, wrap it around a long spoon (or if you’re at the beach, a small shovel!), dab thesunscreen on the fabric and then rub thesunscreen over your back. Of course, if you don’t happen to have a long spoon or small shovel, there’s another way&hellip;Pull out a metre or so of cling film and apply five or more dollops ofsunscreen in the middle. Lift the cling film and apply it to your back as if you’re drying yourself with a towel, making sure to rub the film where possible to ensure even coverage.Now, we’re under no illusion that you’ll have a long spoon or cling film to hand, especially if you’re at the beach. So there has to be an easier solution, right?Well,NIVEAoffer a range of mist spraysunscreens that are designed with ease in mind. Unlike traditionalsuncreams, these mist sprays don’t require rubbing since the spray is fine enough to absorb by itself, so all you really need is a reflective surface to judge your coverage.TheNIVEASUNProtect& Dry Touch Refreshing Mist SPF 50is an ideal choice since it’s 100% transparent, refreshing, and water resistant. Although we’d recommend that you apply it again after getting wet, just to be safe.
Be sure to spray liberally, especially if you can’t inspect your work on a reflective surface! If you’re unsure what’s meant by “apply liberally”, try to imagine the absolute minimum required to cover all areas of exposedskinwith a visible layer ofsunscreen, and you should have your answer.
Discover what SPF is, howsunfiltersprotects yourskinand learn the best practices for how often to applysunscreen for effectivesunprotection.
SPF is determined by measuring the time it takes for redness (erythema) to appear on unprotectedskinexposed to a specific dose of UV rays, compared with unprotectedskin. So, in theory, an SPF 30suncream would last 30 times longer than the same exposure withoutprotection. In practice, however, it's a different story, as the duration of asuncream's effectiveness can depend on a number of factors, such as the quantity applied, the UV index, and whether theskinis sweating or swimming. The SPF value should therefore be seen more as a guide, and reapplied regularly.
Sunscreen should be applied generously to all uncovered areas. The amount of SPF needed varies by age:
Application:Sunscreen should be reapplied every two hours or more frequently if swimming or sweating.What is SPF:SPF stands forSunProtection Factor, indicating the level ofprotectionsunscreen provides against UVB rays.SPF levels:SPF15 blocks approximately 93% UVB raysSPF 30 blocks approximately 97% of UVB rays.SPF 50 blocks approximately 98% of UVB rays.
DiscoverVitaminD benefits for theskinand the safe ways to get it from thesun.
VitaminD is a fat-solublevitaminthat you need forgoodhealth. It has several important functions in your body, such as helping it absorb calcium and facilitating a healthy immune system function by fighting off bacteria and viruses.
Your body needsVitaminD for other functions too - your nerves need it to carry messages between your brain and your body and your muscles need it to move. It can also regulate and improve your mood and has many benefits for yourskin.
VitaminD benefits include lowering the risk of various illnesses by supportingvitalbody functions and being essential for healthy teeth and bones.
In addition to being an important nutrient for your overall health,VitaminD is also beneficial to yourskinas it has antimicrobial properties that can help reduce inflammatory symptoms of acne.
VitaminD also helps withskinprotection and rejuvenation by promotingskincell growth,repair, and metabolism as well as enhancing theskin's immune system and helping to neutralise free radicals that can cause premature ageing.
The symptoms which will alarm you about your potentialVitaminD deficiency are:
- Tiredness and fatigue- Bone or muscle pain or weakness-Stressfractures, especially in your legs- Mood swings
If you think you might haveVitaminD deficiency, ask your doctor for advice.
Our body receives only a small percent ofVitaminD from food, but this doesn’t mean that it is not important to include foods with thisvitaminin the diet! Fish, in particular, is rich inVitaminD, so make sure to regularly include salmon, herring, mackerel or tuna in your diet. Alternatively, go for cod or beef liver, mushrooms or eggs.
Our bodies cannaturallyproduceVitaminD when exposed to thesun. However, there are factors that can decrease theVitaminD intake from this source: pollution, clouds, age, having a darkskintone and spending a lot of time indoors (yourskindoesn’t produceVitaminD fromsunlight that comes through the window).
How muchVitaminD can you get from thesun?
This also depends on various factors such as the country, the current season, the amount of exposedskinand the time of the dayIt is stated that to obtain a sufficient amount ofVitaminD (approximate daily doses ofVitaminD (1000 IU)), it is enough to spend roughly 20-30 minutes in thesunthree times a week.
The best time of the day to get the most, is midday as thesunis at its highest point and you will need lesssunexposure time for your body to produceVitaminD. Although midday is a beneficial time forVitaminD production, the UV index is the strongest at this time so it also means it’s easier to burn, especially for children.
A large amount ofUV radiationis harmful to ourskinas it can cause cancer, and prematureskinageing so it’s important tobalancethesunexposure between optimal time to getVitaminD and to keep it safe forskin.
Agoodoption is to usesunscreens with lower SPF such asNIVEAProtect& Moisture Lotion SPF 15, itprotects yourskinfrom ultraviolet radiation but it also enablesVitaminD production.
For children'ssensitiveskinNIVEAhas a range ofsunscreens for kidsdesigned to provide highly effective immediate UVA/UVBprotection to make sure you and your kids can enjoy thesunwithout worrying.
In the winter months, we tend not to have enoughsunexposure and as a result, we can get aVitaminD deficiency, which can be supported by taking supplements.There are 2 types of supplements that you can try:
In tablets: Tablets are the ideal option if you want to control the amount ofVitaminD you take.
Indrops: They are given mainly to babies and children, but adults can also usedrops. These are very often combined with Calcium, and thus primarily serve to support proper bone growth.
It is ideal to supplementVitaminD together withVitaminK2.VitaminD supports the absorption of Calcium,VitaminK2 then "transports" Calcium to the right areas of the body to prevent, for example, calcification of blood vessels.
You cannot get too muchVitaminD from thesun, as our bodies regulate the produced intake, however, always remember to cover up orprotectyourskinif you’re out in thesunfor a long period of time to reduce the risk ofsunburn.
It is possible, however, to have excessVitaminD from taking the supplements - this can lead to an increased level of calcium in your blood.
The symptoms of excessVitaminD are:- abdominal pain- apathy- vomiting- dehydration- confusion- increased thirst- nausea
By combining abalanced diet, staying in thesunfor a safe period of time and using the recommended dosage of food supplements, you will achieve an optimal level ofVitaminD in your body.
Always remember toprotectyourskinin thesunto avoidsunburn andskindamage.NIVEAhas got exactly what you need to keep yourself and your whole family safe and comfortable in thesun, whatever the time of year. Discover theNIVEAsunscreen rangedesigned to keep yourskinprotected, moisturised and soft.
For the strongest bodyprotection tryProtect& Moisture Ultra Spf 50+. It provides immediate UVprotection and supportsskinprotection from inside with antioxidantVitaminE, keeping theskinmoisturised.
The UV Face Specialist TripleProtectSunFluid SPF 50+protects your face against UVA/UVB rays and from Blue light. The ultra-light moisturising fluid withHyaluronabsorbs immediately for an invisible finish on theskinand provides smooth and visibly healthy-lookingskin.
What is Photoaging? Explore causes and prevention techniques to challenge photoaging for healthier-lookingskin.
Read Time: 8 minutes
As we age, ourskinnaturallychanges due to genetics and hormones, resulting in fine lines and wrinkles. External factors likesunlight and pollution can accelerate this process, causing premature aging withdeeper wrinkles andage spots. Photoageing is premature ageing induced by thesun's rays. While we can't stop time, properskincareand healthy habits can slow down this premature aging and maintain radiantskinfor longer.
Here are some key factors contributing toskindamage:
8 Signs of photoaging typically manifest gradually over time and may include:
Apart from these signs of photoaging, you will be aware that exposure to thesunalso increases the risk ofskincancer in the long term. This effect is linked to the accumulation of DNA and cell damage.
Appearance:Visible ageing signs such as wrinkles, fine lines, uneven pigmentation, and a loss of elasticity, lead to a prematurely aged appearance.Causes:Prolonged exposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation fromsunlight, which damages Collagen and Elastin fibres in theskin.Prevention:Sunscreen application,protective clothing, and avoiding excessivesunexposure can help prevent photoaging.
Adding products from theNIVEAQ10 orLuminous630® ranges into yourskincareroutine could help to target signs of photoaging. Consider whether you are looking to target fine lines and wrinkles with Q10 orsuninduced dark spots withLuminous.As with anygoodskincareroutine, start with adeepcleanse. In the morning this helps to refreshand awakenskin, whilst in the evening it helps clear it of debris and pollutants that can accumulate throughout the day. Both the morning and evening cleanse help to prepare yourskinto absorb the nourishing ingredients of yourcareproducts.NIVEAoffers a broad range of face cleansers for allskintypes and needs.
*Consumer satisfaction study on Q10 Anti-WrinklePearlSerum used by 33 womenfor 2 weeks, 2019**Tested in vitro
***Naturalsoy extract
One of the most important practices to target photoaging is to apply a broad-spectrumsunscreen with at least SPF 30 on theskinthat will be exposed to thesun. Make sure you choose a product thatprotects not only against UVB but also against UVA and blue light. Make sure to reapplysunscreen every two hours at a minimum to maintainprotection.Applysunscreenmore frequently if swimming or sweating throughout the day.Continued use ofsunscreen is crucial forprotecting againstsundamage and preventing further harm by shielding theskinfrom harmful UV radiation.Complete yourskincareregimenwithNIVEASUNUV FACE Invisible Daily Fluid SPF 50+which offers immediate ultra-light fluid absorption whileprotecting from UVA, UVB and blue light rays, responsible for premature ageing. Its pleasant and non-sticky texture leaves nowhiteresidue while Licochalcone in the formula helps to activate theskin's defense mechanism toprotectskincells.
It’s difficult to completely avoid photoaging, but there are several preventive measures you can take:
Schedule regularskinexams with a dermatologist, especially if you have a history ofsunexposure. These measures will enable anyskinabnormality or cancer to be detected as quickly as possible and improve your chances of recovery.
Sun-damagedskincan manifest itself as wrinkles, fine lines, uneven pigmentation, loss of elasticity, rough texture, telangiectasia (spider veins), and a dull complexion.
Individuals with fairskin, certainskintypes (Fitzpatrickskintypes I and II), a history ofsunburns, and genetic predispositions are more susceptible tosundamage and photoaging.
UV radiation damages Collagen and Elastin fibres in theskin, leading to the formation of wrinkles and fine lines. It also triggers melanin production, causing uneven pigmentation, and induces inflammation, acceleratingskinageing.
Prolonged and repeated exposure to UV radiation from thesunwithout adequateprotection significantly worsens photoaging. Artificial sources of UV radiation, like tanning beds andsunlamps, also exacerbate the process. Additionally, environmental pollutants and cigarette smoke contribute to accelerated photoaging.
Photoaging is accelerated by UV exposure, leading to premature signs of ageing.
The ultimate guide onsunspots, discover everything you need to know aboutsunspots, their causes & how can they be prevented.
Regularly apply a broad-spectrumsunscreenwith a highsunprotection factor (SPF)to all exposedskin, including your face, hands, and any other areas prone tosunexposure. If you're unsure how often to applysunscreen, agoodrule of thumb is to reapply it every two hours at a minimum.Applysunscreenmore frequently if swimming or sweating throughout the day.
Choose clothing that covers yourskin, such as long-sleeved shirts, pants, and wide-brimmed hats. Specialised clothing with UVprotection is also available for added defence.
Limit your time in directsunlight, especially during peak UV hours between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. If possible, stay in the shade to reduce your overallsunexposure.
Start your routine with a gentle cleanse. Cleansing is crucial to remove impurities, ensuring a clean canvas for the subsequent steps. It also prepares theskintobetterabsorb the benefits of the following products.
After cleansing, apply a treatment serum. A spot treatment serum targets specificskinconcerns, suchsunspots, helping to even out yourskintone and reduce the appearance of imperfections. TheNIVEACellularLuminous630 Face Treatment Serumcontains Thiamidol and acts on existing pigmentation to lighten spots and reduce their size, while balancing new melanin production to prevent their reappearance, for even andluminousskin.
After cleansing, apply a treatment serum. A spot treatment serum targets specificskinconcerns, suchsunspots, helping to even out yourskintone and reduce the appearance of imperfections.CellularLUMINOUS630 ANTI-SPOT Day Fluid SPF50Moisturising is avitalstep inskincare, offeringhydration that maintainsskinelasticity and prevents dryness. The  is a moisturising, lightweight day cream that helps to visibly reducesunspots, it’s enriched with moisturisingHyaluronic Acid as well asprotectingVitaminE and UVA/UVB filters.
For those seeking extra coverage and colour correction, theNIVEACellularLUMINOUS630 Anti Dark-Spot Tinted Fluid Double Corrector SPF 20providesnaturalcoverage to help conceal existingsunspots. It is formulated with Thiamidol to help visibly reducesunspots in 4 weeks* and even out your complexion. The innovative tinted fluid is also enriched withHyaluronic Acid tohydrate and smooth yourskin.*Clinical evaluation, 48 women, 12 weeks
Whilst the aboveNIVEALuminous630 routine contains products that provide high SPF to shieldskinfrom thesun’s rays, keeping thisprotection topped up throughout the day is key to maintainingskinhealth and radiance.
TheNIVEASUNUV Face Specialist Dark Spot Control Fluid SPF 50+provides immediateprotection against UV rays. This light and non-greasysunscreen is enriched withHyaluronic Acid &VitaminE, providing a refreshing effect and a smoothskinfeeling. Formulated withNIVEA’s patented Thiamidol ingredient, it helps to visibly reduce existing and prevent newsunspots from appearing. The handy size can be kept in your bag to keep yoursunprotection topped up whilst on-the-go.Warning: make sure you use products containing Thiamidol no more than 4 times a day. Avoid contact with the eyes.
Appearance:Sunspots manifest as flat, brown orblackpigmented patches on theskin.Causes:Prolonged exposure to ultraviolet (UV) rays from thesun.Prevention:Involves consistent use ofsunscreen with a high SPF, wearingprotective clothing and seeking shade.Treatment:Variousskincareproducts containing ingredients like retinoids, antioxidants, and exfoliants.
To addresssunspots in your bodycareroutine, incorporate theNIVEALuminous630 Anti Stretch Marks & Dark Spots Body Creaminto your routine. This product contains Thiamidol to help visibility reducesunblemishes and pigment spots in 4 weeks.Consistency is key in achieving optimal results. Adopting thisNIVEAskincareroutine can help reduce visibility ofsunblemishes and pigment spots in 4 weeks**, promoting an evenskintone and aluminouscomplexion.**Consumer test, 87 participants
NIVEA's patented Thiamidol ingredient is the result of 10 years meticulous research and 50,000 tested molecules. Thiamidol works at acellularlevel to rebalancemelanin production and treat dark spots at the root cause.By acting on existing pigmentation and promoting a more evenskintone, Thiamidol contributes to a brighter, clearer complexion and supports the overall goal of reducing the impact ofsunspots on theskin.
Sunspots, or solar lentigines, primarily result from prolonged exposure to ultraviolet (UV) rays from thesun. The UV rays stimulate the production of melanin, leading to the formation of pigmented patches on theskin.
Sunspots are generally harmless and not associated with health risks. However, their presence may indicate cumulativesundamage, and it’s advisable to monitor yourskinfor any changes and consult a dermatologist if needed
Yes,sunspots can be prevented by adoptingsun-safe practices. This includes usingsunscreen with a high SPF, wearingprotective clothing, seeking shade, and avoiding excessivesunexposure, especially during peak hours.
Sunspots often do not fade on their own. However, with propersunprotection and targetedskincare, their appearance can be reduced over time. Consistent use ofsunscreen and specialisedskincareproducts can help in minimising the visibility ofsunspots.
While makeup can provide temporary coverage forsunspots, it does not address the underlying cause. A dedicatedskincareroutine, including the use of products designed to reduce pigmentation, is more effective in the long term.
Sunspots are commonly associated with ageing, and they tend to become more noticeable as people get older. However, their development can be accelerated by prolongedsunexposure, meaning they can appear at any age, especially in people with significantsunexposure without properprotection.
SunAre flat, brown, orblackspots that develop onsun-exposed areas of theskindue to prolonged UV exposure. Freckles are small, light brown spots that are results of an uneven distribution of melanin and are usually genetically determined and darken withsunexposure. Moles, on the other hand, are growths on theskinthat can be raised or flat, ranging in colour frompinkto dark brown.
Sunspots typically appear as flat, well-defined, and darker areas on theskin, often found insun-exposed areas like the face and hands. Freckles are generally smaller, lighter in colour, and may be more randomly distributed. Moles can vary in size, colour, and texture, and they may be raised or flat.
What does the UV Index mean and what is the UV Index today? Use our UV calculator to find out, along with learning how toprotectyourskintoday.
The UV index indicates the strength of solar UV radiation, considering factors like thesun’s position, ozone layer thickness, cloud cover, and elevation. Ranging from 0 (low) to 11+ (extreme) the scale helps determine the necessary level ofsunprotection.A higher UV index means stronger UV rays and a greater risk ofskindamage, makingsunprotection more crucial. Here’s what each level signifies:
0-2(Low)Minimal risk. Minimalprotection, such assunglasses, is sufficient for most people.
0-2
(Low)
Minimal risk. Minimalprotection, such assunglasses, is sufficient for most people.
3-5(Moderate)Moderate risk. Usesunscreen andprotective clothing.
3-5
(Moderate)
Moderate risk. Usesunscreen andprotective clothing.
6-7(High)High risk. Apply SPF 50+sunscreen and seek shade.
6-7
(High)
High risk. Apply SPF 50+sunscreen and seek shade.
8-10(Very high)Very high risk. It's recommended to avoidsunexposure, to wearprotective clothing and very high SPF (SPF50+)suncream.
8-10
(Very high)
Very high risk. It's recommended to avoidsunexposure, to wearprotective clothing and very high SPF (SPF50+)suncream.
11+(Extreme)Extreme risk. Stay indoors or use maximumprotection if outside.
11+
(Extreme)
Extreme risk. Stay indoors or use maximumprotection if outside.
The UV Index is updated daily to guide the intensity of thesun’s UV rays in your area. A higher number indicates stronger rays. Check today’s UV Index for your region and take appropriate measures toprotectyourself while outdoors.
TheNIVEASunProtect& Moisture Pump Spray SPF 50+provides advancedsunprotection with a very high SPF (SPF50+) to shield against harmful UVB rays, as well as UVAprotection. The formulahydrates and moisturises for up to 48 hours* and is enriched withVitaminE,VitaminCandHyaluron. What's more, it's water-resistant and easy to apply.
Make sure you applysunscreen generously on all exposed parts of the body, and reapply every two hours, or more frequently after swimming or sweating.*Instrumental evaluation, 35 women, 2022
What is the UV Index?The UV Index measures thesun's UV radiation strength, indicating the potential risk to theskin.Benefits of UVProtection:Reduces the risk ofskindamage, helps prevent premature ageing induced by thesun, and maintains evenskintone.How toProtect:Use broad-spectrumsunscreen with a high to very high SPF (SPF 30 or 50+), wearprotective clothing, and avoid peaksunhours (10 am - 4 pm.).Who NeedsProtection?Everyone should practicesunsafety year-round to minimise the effects of UV exposure, including children and babies.
There are three main types of UV rays, each with different effects on theskin:
These penetratedeepinto theskin, that could cause long-termskindamage such asphotoageingor prematureageing.
These are the primary cause ofsunburn and play a significant role inskincondition development, such asskincancers.
The ozone layer filters out almost all UVC light, so it does not reach the Earth's surface, this is whysunscreen does not need toprotectus against it.
It is crucial to emphasise thatskinprotection is essential for vulnerable groups like children and babies throughout the year. Theirskinis more delicate and susceptible to damage from UV radiation. Toprotectthem:
Keep children and babies out of directsunlight, particularly between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.
Dress them in lightweight, long-sleevedprotecting clothing and wide-brimmed hats to shield theirskinand face. And don't forget toprotecttheir eyes withsunglasses.
Use a very high SPF, broad-spectrumsunscreen likeNIVEAKidsProtect&CareLotion, designed specifically for delicateskin. It offers reliablesunprotection while being gentle,skin-friendly, and water-resistant, ideal foractivechildren.
Teach children aboutsunsafety from an early age so they can adopt healthy habits.
Realmentakecareof themselves. Nevertheless, womenandmenare completely different in terms ofcareand styling needs.
Men'sskinis primarily influenced by the hormone testosterone. As a result, the structure of theskinis basically quite different than the one from women. Get an overview of theNIVEAMENproduct range and get tips from theNIVEAMENGrooming Guide.
NIVEAMENis the official male grooming partner of Liverpool FC in the UK - you can see our latest exclusive content with the club on theNIVEAMENUK website.
Since we launched Eucerin − more than 100 years ago – we‘ve been leading innovation in the science ofskincare. Eucerin is now one of the world’s most trusted dermo-cosmetic brands, endorsed by dermatologists and pharmacists and recommended to keepskinhealthy and beautiful.
Our expertise and energy is focussed on giving you the very bestskincareproducts available – our commitment to research, development and testing delivers innovative and effective products for your face and your body. Eucerin products help you toprotectyourskinand keep it healthy, now and in the future.
Whether plaster, wound cream or heat pad – Elastoplast has been investing heavily in research and innovation for 90 years, so that the little inconveniences of everyday life do not harm you. Just likeNIVEA, Elastoplast can look back on a long tradition and many product innovations. The first antibacterial or waterproof plaster, as well as the first elastic plaster strips are just a few of them.
But Elastoplast does not exclusively produce plaster and woundcareproducts. Anti-insect products, footcarecreams, as well as heat pads or creams are part of the product range.
We’re always really touched and inspired by the enormously important roles charities and fundraisers play. We receive many requests for charity donations every single day and whilst we may not always be able to fulfil every request that we receive, our Corporate Social Responsibility Team (CSR) always try to help wherever they can. Please send your request toCharity.RequestsUK@Beiersdorf.com. All charity requests are assessed individually and if our CSR Team are in the position to assist, they’ll get back in touch with you.
Yes. There are several prevailing SCAMs, that showNIVEAproducts as the prize or sample. These SCAMs are phishing for your personal information. We recommend you do not click on them or their links. These promotions are not run byNIVEA. Any sampling promotion run byNIVEAwill be promoted via our official website, Facebook page,NIVEAnewsletter or myNIVEAemail. These will also contain a link to our official promotion terms and conditions found on ournivea.co.uk website.
If you think you may have been the victim of fraud or cybercrime and incurred a financial loss or have been hacked as a result of responding to a phishing message, you should report this to Action Fraud. If you receive any emails which you’re not quite sure about, forward it to the Suspicious Email Reporting Service (SERS): report@phishing.gov.uk Your report of a phishing email will help toprotectmany more people from being affected. The National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) will analyse the suspect email and any websites it links to.
If you are a business wishing to set up a trade account, you may wish to try contacting one of the following Wholesalers that we supply products to:
Alternatively, if you have a new business proposal, you can contact our UK New Business Development Team on +44 (0)121 329 8800 to discuss any UK trade enquiries. Please note: As a UK Distributor, we are unable to progress any discussion in relation to export enquiries.
If you have a business opportunity for our Marketing Team, please contact us viaMarketing.ProposalsUK@Beiersdorf.com
Cosmetic testing on animals has been banned in the EU since 2004 – and all ingredients in these products since 2013. AtNIVEA, we are convinced that animal testing is unnecessary in proving how effective and tolerable our cosmetic products are on yourskin. With more than 35 years of experience, we are among the global leaders in the development and application of alternative test methods. Back in 1992, ourskinresearchers developed one of the world’s first officially approved tests without animal testing.
For many people, animal-derived ingredients do not reflect the values of living in harmony with animals. That is why they look for alternatives, such as plant-based and veganskincareproducts. We can confirm that the Glycerin used within our products is vegetable based and comes exclusively from plants (rapeseed,sunflower, certified palm oil) and we do not use any egg-based ingredients.
Whilst most ingredients used within our products are synthetic or plant derived (non-animal sources) there are a handful of ingredients that are animal derived. As such we do not claim that our products are all Halal/Vegan friendly. Our entireNaturallyGoodproduct range consists of vegan formulations, 100 percent free of animal-derived ingredients though. If you would like us to check a specific product for you, please reach out to ourNIVEAConsumer Interaction Team on 00800 49 40 1911*
NIVEAoffers a variety of vegan products. Our entireNaturallyGoodproduct range consists of vegan formulations, 100 percent free of animal-derived ingredients.
The term “nuts” is very broad, but we can confirm that we do notactively use ingredients such as hazelnut, walnut, or peanut in any of our cosmetic products. However, because we use high quality oils, we cannot guarantee that they will not contain traces of any of these nuts. So, although the purification during manufacture of these oils makes the risk of any nut protein in the finished product very low, it could still be a possibility.
All our cosmetic products have been evaluated for safety andskincompatibility before they are introduced into the market, as required by company policy and European law. This evaluation considers that most cosmetic products are used by female consumers. Therefore, all our products are considered safe for pregnant/breastfeeding women.
If a cosmetic product is to be used on the breast area, we’d recommend not to use this directly before breastfeeding, but instead after breastfeeding to avoid uptake of the cosmetic product by the baby. All our cosmeticskincareproducts are made tocarefor theskinand maintain its healthy look but are not designed to be ingested by oral uptake. As such, the oral uptake of cosmetic products by babies during breast feeding should be avoided.
As personal health circumstances vary, if you have any particular concerns about the use of cosmetic and toiletry products, we recommend that you seek further guidance from your GP or Midwife who isbetterplaced to provide individual advice.
The quality, effectiveness and compatibility ofNIVEAproducts has been held in high regard by consumers for 100 years. All products undergo evaluation by human volunteers, which are carried out within our company's research department or by independent research institutes. The tests are overseen by a dermatologist or doctor who examines the results before a product can be approved. However, it is not possible for any manufacturer to totally prevent the possibility of an allergic reaction which can be caused by individual sensitivity to one or more of the ingredients.
Although our products comply with all safety regulations set by the European Cosmetic Directive, we’re regrettably unable to guarantee that our products will suit everyone, as everyone’sskinis unique and behaves in different ways. In the first instance we’d advise seeking medical advice from your GP/pharmacist, who will be able to diagnose an adverse reaction and suggest any appropriate medication. Only a dermatologist can accurately determine the cause of an adverseskinreaction though and your GP will be able to refer you to a dermatologist if required.
Once referred, a dermatologist would apply the finished product to theskin. If a positive reaction is experienced, a second test is done with the single ingredients of the product, to determine the specific cause (ingredient/s) for theskinreaction. Once diagnosed, you will then be able to identify if any product contains any ingredient you aresensitiveto in future. This will enable you to choose compatible products and help you to avoid any further adverse reactions.
The list of ingredients is detailed on the container or packaging of all our products. If you need a list ofNIVEAproduct ingredients, then please refer to the ‘List of Ingredients’ section on eachwww.nivea.co.ukproduct page or contact ourNIVEAConsumer InteractionCareline on 00800 49 40 1911*
*Calls to this international Freephone number are free from a UK landline. Calls from a mobile phone may be subject to charges by your service provider.
The list of ingredients gives people with allergies the opportunity to check if the product contains substances that they may besensitiveto before they buy. This is made easier using uniform names across Europe. Ingredients of botanical origin are listed by their Latin name. A dictionary has been prepared by an International Committee (INCI: International Nomenclature of Cosmetic Ingredients) that all manufacturers of cosmetic products are obliged to use. The highest percentage ingredient is listed first. The other ingredients are listed in descending order with colours listed last by their C.I. (colour index) number.
AllNIVEAproducts have a proven unopened shelf life of at least 30 months from the date of manufacture unless they carry a specific expiry or use by date. The Period After Opening (PAO) is denoted by a symbol that looks like an open jar and a number followed by M for months. This indicates the advised period of use after first opening e.g. 24M/12M (24/12 Months)
AllNIVEAproducts have a proven unopened shelf life of at least 30 months from the date of manufacture unless they carry a specific expiry or use by date. Exposure to heat and light may, after time, lead to some instability of the basic structure of the product. Our advice would be to discard any old products that may look grainy, watery, or discoloured, or if the odour has changed.
The ingredients we use must be provably effective and, at the same time, tolerable for consumers and the environment. This is checked during extensive studies and tests. Most of the ingredients in our products will biodegrade (e.g. detergents), at least slowly (such as paraffins). Silicones and inorganic compounds such as titanium dioxide or talc are of course not biodegradable. However, silicones are subject to chemical degradation.
In chemistry there is a group of substances with the general name "alcohols". Their physical states range from liquid to solid, with very different properties. When "alcohol-free" or 'no alcohol' is stated on a product, this refers to ethyl alcohol, ethanol or alcohol denat. Ethyl alcohol is also the alcohol in alcoholic drinks. In cosmetic products, ethyl alcohol has a refreshing and invigorating effect but can be over drying for certain people who are particularlysensitive. In the list of ingredients on the packaging, ethyl alcohol is listed as "alcohol" or "alcohol, denat". The aliphatic alcohols (e.g. cetearyl alcohol or lanolin alcohol) are solid substances that do not have this drying effect. They are used, for example, as emulsifying agents with a nourishing effect, which give the product the required consistency.
It is thanks to preservatives that face, and body creams do not need to be stored in the fridge. Without preservatives, products would spoil within a very short period of time. Microorganisms such as bacteria and mould, which generally get into the product through contact with ourskinand spread easily in aqueous cosmetics, are the cause of this. The result: products become contaminated, they lose their effective properties, and, in a worst-case scenario,sensitiveskinreactions may be experienced. Preservatives hinder the spoiling of cosmetic products so in consequenceprotectyourskin. By using preservatives,NIVEAcan ensure that the quality of its products is preserved for a longer period of time.
In accordance with the European Directive 76/211/EEC we always ensure that the quantity named on the packaging can be extracted from the packaging. If the packaging does not allow for all contents to be removed from the bottle, we overfill to some degree to ensure that you’ll receive the quantity stated on the packaging.
With pump bottles, a small space is required between the bottom of the pump and the bottle to aid dispensing. With this packaging design even more residues might remain in the pump bottle compared to regular bottles. Apart from ensuring that you can extract the quantity stated on the bottle, the cap can also be screwed off in most cases so that all contents can be taken from the bottle. The same procedure can be applied to other products in regular bottles (lotion, shower gel etc).
The nameNIVEAis derived from the Latin word "nix, nivis", which means "whiteas snow", due to thepurewhiteNIVEACreme.
Our advertising campaigns are planned for the long term and models are pre-chosen in advance by our various agencies. As such we’d recommend that you contact a reputable modelling agency that specialises in managing models and that can add you to their books.
Our working atmosphere is a unique mix of winning spirit and teamwork - performance-driven and friendly at the same time.
Success and people: wecareabout both.
Learn more about openings at Beiersdorf by visiting:www.beiersdorf.co.uk/career
Beiersdorf UK Ltd.Trinity Central, Trinity ParkBickenhill Lane,Birmingham, United KingdomB37 7ES
T: Tel: +44 (0)121 329 8800F: +44 (0)121 329 8801Commercial Register / Reg. No.: 00468710VAT Identification No.: GB222281891
Over 100 years ago, we invented modernskincarewithNIVEACreme. Today, millions of people all over the world, all with different types ofskin, rely on theNIVEAbrand. That is why our researchers work extensively with differentskintypes and the differentcarerequirements brought about by culture, gender and age. Thanks to this approach, we have developed numerous innovativeskincareproducts over the past few decades – from deodorants tosunscreen products.
Although nowadays reality television shows like “Britain’s Got Talent”, “The X Factor” or “Britain's Next Top Model” are commonplace, this kind of talent competition was something completely unknown to the people of 1925. So whenNIVEAplaced an advertisement in a Berlin newspaper and announced a nationwide search for threeNIVEAGirls, it caused quite a stir with the public. Even more so becauseNIVEAwas not looking for glamorous models but the girl next door: “We are not looking for ravishing beauties, glamour girls dressed for a ball or fashionably groomed ladies but marvellous young girls who look healthy andnaturalandfresh.” A young mother from Flensburg in northern Germany, Mrs Fröhlich, saw the advertisement and thought that her three daughters Margot, Elfriede and Hertha fitted the description perfectly. When their father found out about the plan, he made it clear that he did not want to see his daughters as “poster girls” – and so their mother went ahead and entered them without telling him. The girls were lucky that she did so, because in the end the Fröhlich sisters beat more than 1,000 other girls who had also participated in the competition. It even turned out that the family hadn't yet heard ofNIVEAbecause they had only recently moved to Germany from Samoa, whereNIVEAproducts were not available. The proud Mr Fröhlich soon warmed to the idea that his daughters should become theNIVEAGirls, and so they became the stars of the newNIVEAadvertisements. And just like theNIVEABoys before them, it was not long before the Fröhlich sisters were also greeted with a cheerful “HelloNIVEA!” wherever they went.
It's your direct connection with nature. Rain, wind andsuntouch it.
And it breathes the air that surrounds you. We are the largestskincarebrand in the world.
We know that you can only have healthyskinin a healthy climate. That's why we take responsibility.
Wecarefor the health of our planet by making climate conscious products.
Products which have a packaging and formula with a reduced CO2footprint.
That is why our products are healthy for theskinand for the planet.
So that every person that uses our products for beautifulskinalso improves their own climatebalance.
A person like you.
As a leadingskincarebrand with more than 100 years of expertise, we are aware of the environmental challenges we face. AtNIVEA, our goal has always been to make yourskinfeel beautiful and healthy. Yet, we know that healthyskincan only thrive in a healthy environment.
By transforming our products, reducing their CO2 footprint, and changing the way we do business, we want to help you takecareof yourskinand our blue planet at the same time.
We will share with you what we are already doing to become more sustainable and how we are committed to caring beyond ourskinin the future.
LEARN MORE
Why sustainability is important toNIVEA.
The fight against climate change.
HowNIVEAstrives to treat nature with respect.
Sustainable production is one ofNIVEA's core commitments to reduce our CO2 footprint.
AtNIVEA, we want to be transparent about how wecarefor the wellbeing of animals.
Skinis at the centre of everything we do. As it connects us directly to our environment, we want to make sure that our product formulationsprotectand preserve thenaturalbeautyof yourskinand our planet.
We will show you how we are developing sustainableskincareby eliminating ingredients that are potentially harmful to the environment as well as implementing environmentally friendly and biodegradable alternatives to raw materials.
There are many reasons why people choose specificskincareproducts. Whatever your reason is, we have the right products for you.
See howNIVEAsupports the sustainable cultivation of palm oil.
Explore howNIVEAdevelopsskincareinnovations in the best possible way that are 100 percent safe to use and take the environment fully into account.
Let us show you why biodegradableskincarematters.
Ingredients which are not only gentle on yourskinbut also respectful to animals.
Learn aboutNIVEA's commitment to 100 percent microplastic-freeskincare.
Guided by the principles of the circular economy, we are on a mission to use plastic responsibly in our product packaging. Our approach is straightforward: we reduce plastic wherever possible, recycle plastic as much as we can, replace it when it makes sense, and encourage our customers to reuse packaging.
Find out how our achievements and targets to create sustainable packaging with recycled plastic or plastic-free material help us to prevent pollution, decrease our CO2 emissions and therefore contribute to fighting against climate change.
Guided by the principles of the circular economy, we atNIVEAare on a mission to use plastic responsibly within our product packaging.
We atNIVEAbelieve that all wood-based materials, such as paper and cardboard, should be obtained sustainably toprotectforests from deforestation.
AtNIVEAwe aim to use mostly recycled aluminum in an effort to achieve a circular economy.
We want to be 100 percent transparent and answer all your questions about sustainability atNIVEA. If you could not find all the answers you were looking for on this website, or are looking for more detailed information, please visit thesustainability website ofNIVEA’s parent company, Beiersdorf.
YOUR GUIDE TOSUSTAINABLESKINCARE
Feeling overwhelmed by sustainability claims in thebeautyandskincareaisle?
As theNo.1 globalskincarebrand*, we want to help you make more informed sustainable choices. That is why we have joined the EcoBeautyScore Association, a global breakthrough initiative bringing over70 cosmetics companies & associationstogether to develop anenvironmental impact assessmentand scoring system for cosmetic products- that isscience-based and independently verified.
The score has been calculated measuring the full impact of a product over its lifetime, from sourcing the ingredients and the packaging, to manufacturing, transport, consumer usage and even after use when it becomes waste.
The different planetary impacts – such asclimate, water, and land biodiversity(e.g.  deforestation) are calculated for each stage of the product’s life and combined. This is the approach most commonly used by scientists to measure the environmental impact of a product.
The methodology has beenco-designed by scientists and reviewed externally by a panel of independent experts**.Score usage is regularly audited by a third party.To find out more about the methodology:
Some indispensable ingredients lead to a higher environmental footprint over the product’s lifecycle. As a result, products containing these ingredients may not achieve the highest sustainability score ("A").
For example, some of our facecareproducts contain UV filters toprotectyourskinfrom UV rays, reducing the risk of premature aging andskincancer.NIVEAuses only state-of-the-art UV filters, with the lowest possible impact on the environment. We strive to be free of homosalate, oxybenzone, and octocrylene by the end of 2025.
Certain state of the art ingredients for shower gels are specifically chosen for their stability, which ensures optimal performance on theskin.
Regardless of the score, the safety and efficacy of our products are always our highest priorities. We never compromise when it comes to the quality and effectiveness of our products.
ONESKIN. ONE PLANET. ONECARE.We want to be 100 percent transparent and answer all your questions about sustainability atNIVEA. If you could not find all the answers you were looking for on this website, or are looking for more detailed information, please visit thesustainability website ofNIVEA’s parent company, Beiersdorf.
NEUTRALIZING AGENTS
Neutralizing agents, e.g. SodiumHydroxide or Citric Acid, are used to adjust the pH value of our formulas.POWDERS
Powders, e.g. Distarch Phosphate or Silica, help absorb oil on theskin, which leads to a pleasantskinfeeling.PRESERVATIVES
Preservatives prevent or retard microbial growth thusprotectsunprotection products from spoilage.PROPELLANTS
Propellants, e.g. Butane, Isobutane or Propane, help the formula to be expelled from the packaging.RHEOLOGICAL MODIFIERS
Rheological modifiers, e.g. Microcrystalline Cellulose or Xanthan Gum, are used to alter the viscosity of an emulsion and allow us to create different formula types like lotions and sprays.STABILIZERS
Stabilizers help to maintain the function and activity of other ingredients in thesunscreen.UV-FILTERS
Sunscreenprotectsskinagainst harmful UV radiation thanks to UV filters. Mineral UV filters, e.g. Titanium Dioxide, reflect thesun‘s rays while organic UV filters, e.g. Methoxydibenzoylmethane (organic UVA filter) and Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid (organic UVB filter), absorb them.
ACTIVEINGREDIENTS
Severalactiveingredients are used inNIVEASUNproducts. Panthenol, for example, is a B-Vitaminthe body is not able to produce itself and is known to support theskin‘s regeneration and to improve its moisturization.COLORPIGMENTS
SelectedNIVEASunKids products includecolorants to make the application ofsunscreen more playful, so that children connectsunprotection with fun from an early age on.EMOLLIENTS
Emollients, e.g. Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate / Dicaprate or Dibutyl Adipate, are oils or oil de-rivatives used in order to maintain a soft and smoothskinfeeling.EMULSIFIERS
NIVEASunproducts use emulsifiers, e.g. Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, to disperse tiny oildroplets in water - just like your milk in the fridge - to provide a product which is pleasant to apply to theskin.FILM FORMERS
Film formers, e.g. VP/Hexadecene Copolymer, are used to ensure that thesunscreen forms a continuous waterproof film on theskin, which is critical for products with extra-waterproof UVA and UVBprotection.FRAGRANCE
Fragrance is used to createNIVEA’s iconic and beloved scent to awaken the emotion of a beautifulsunny day at the beach.
MOISTURIZERS / SOLVENTS
Moisturizers, e.g. Glycerin, are ingredients used in cosmetic products to retard moisture loss. Solvents are liquids used to dissolve the solid components in the formula.
What is aluminum chlorohydrate?
Aluminum chlorohydrate (ACH) is a substance within the group of aluminum salts. It is used asactiveingredient in antiperspirants. Aluminum chlorohydrate occursnaturallyand can also be produced industrially.
Aluminum chlorohydrate: functions
Have you ever wondered about the difference between antiperspirants and deodorants? Deodorants merely prevent bad odors when you sweat while antiperspirants actually prevent sweating. They do it with the help of aluminum chlorohydrate, which causes the sweat glands under your arms to constrict. This way, you sweat less so there will be no wet spots on your clothes and no unpleasant body odor.
HowNIVEAuses aluminum chlorohydrate
NIVEAuses aluminum chlorohydrate in antiperspirants as one of the most effectiveactiveingredients against sweat production. It blocks the sweat flow in your underarm area and keeps you feelingfreshand confident. Our “pure” deodorants (i.e., without antiperspirant effect) do not contain aluminum chlorohydrate. Instead, they use antibacterial agents to stop the growth of bacteria that cause body odor. Aluminum-free deodorant or antiperspirant with aluminum chlorohydrate: the choice is yours.
Potential Issues
There have been concerns that aluminum may increase the risk of breast cancer and neurological diseases like Alzheimer’s. Elevated aluminum content has been found in the brains of persons with Alzheimer’s disease. However, it remains unclear whether this is a cause or an effect of the disease.
Aluminum is the third most common element in the earth’s crust. It occursnaturallyin drinking water, fruit, vegetables, grains, and meat. We take up aluminum with our daily diet. Most of the aluminum we consume is eliminated through our kidneys. Still, many people are worried that aluminum in antiperspirants may be absorbed through theskinand elevate the aluminum levels in the body. Two studies conducted with human volunteers examined the ability of aluminum chlorohydrate to penetrate through theskin: both studies showed consistently, that only 0.01 percent of the aluminum quantity applied entered the body. Using an antiperspirant under normal conditions of use, can therefore be considered safe. What’s more: as soon as aluminum chlorohydrate comes in contact with sweat, it is turned into aluminumhydroxide, a solid and insoluble substance that cannot penetrate theskinbarrier and enter the body. Even if you apply your antiperspirant directly after shaving yourskinwill not absorb higher levels of aluminum. It may burn a bit, however, as many antiperspirants also contain alcohol – so youbetterwait a while before applying!
What is BHT?
BHT is an antioxidant used in foods and cosmetics. Many ingredients would become rancid if they reacted with the oxygen in the environment. BHTprotects these ingredients against oxidation and makes them last longer.
BHT: functions
Almost all living things need oxygen. Yet oxygen is also powerfully reactiveand causes many other substances to oxidize. Rust, for example, is the result of iron oxidation. Oils and fats get rancid when they oxidize. This is where BHT comes in. Only a tiny amount of BHT (short for the rather unwieldy name butylatedhydroxy-toluene) prevents oxidization. It is used in foods, medicine and cosmetics to help products keepfreshand last longer.
HowNIVEAuses BHT
True to our belief we are using only the ingredients needed in a responsible and restrictive manner.NIVEAincludes BHT in less than 10 percent of our products. When we use it, the concentrations are very low – lower than in many foods, actually! BHT makes some of our creams and lotions,lipcare, shaving gels, and shower oils last longer. Without the antioxidant, thenaturaloils and other ingredients would get rancid, become less beneficial and smell funny. Very small traces of BHT may also be found in other perfumed products. This is because the perfume manufacturers who supply the perfumed oils use BHT toprotectthem against oxidation and therefore to keep the fragrance appeal.
Some people claim that BHT can pass through theskinand interfere with the human hormone system. A substance that does this is called an “endocrine disruptor”. There are studies that have found BHT to have endocrine effects, but those studies bore little resemblance to reality. They exposed the test subjects to extremely high doses of BHT in a very short time. The concentration of BHT inNIVEAproducts, in contrast, is very, very low. Research so far does not indicate that cosmetic products or their ingredients have any harmful influence on the human body or our hormonebalance. In fact,naturalfoods like soy have a much higher endocrine activity!
BHT has a long history of safe use, and not just in cosmetic products. The World Health Organization did an in-depth examination that found BHT to be suitable for use in food. So it’s even safe to eat! What’s more (or less, as it were): cosmetics contain a clearly lower concentration of BHT than foods. BHT has been used around the world in cosmetic products for decades and has proven safe and highly tolerable – there has been no indication that it may cause allergies, either.
But does BHT harm our planet? It doesn’t, according to a recent study of the Australian National Industrial Chemicals Notification and Assessment Scheme (NICNAS). The assessment concluded that BHT poses no significant risk to the environment.
What are fragrances?
One of the first things you notice about any cosmetics product is their unique smell. Fragrances giveskincareand other products their pleasant and very characteristic odor.Every fragrance is a characteristic blend of different substances and scents – the average fragrance contains 30-50 fragrance ingredients. Fragrance ingredients arenaturalor synthetic perfumes that can be used individually but are usually combined with others to form a specific fragrance.Naturalscent compounds are derived from plants (e.g. essential oils) and/or othernaturalsources while synthetic ones are created in the lab. However, fragrances are usually mixtures of synthetic andnaturalingredients.
Fragrances: functions
Numerous studies show that fragrances increase our well-being and have a positive effect on our minds. Depending on the composition, they can have, for example, a calming or energizing effect. Fragrances make cosmetics (and many other products) smellgoodand distinctive: They impart pleasant odor, mask the smell of some effective but not nice smelling ingredients, enhance the experience of using the product and help us to express our individuality.
HowNIVEAuses fragrances
NIVEAuses fragrances in most of our products. Our fragrances arecarefully composed ofnaturaland synthetic ingredients. In line with our principle not to put anything in our products that doesn’t have to be there, we use fragrances in a very controlled manner. To make sure that every fragrance we use is safe and stable, we have created a special list which defines maximum quantities for certain fragrance ingredients and which provides other binding requirements to ensure quality and safety of all our fragrances, going far beyond existing legal requirements. This so-called restriction list for fragrances applies to every one of our fragrance suppliers.
As all other mixtures of substances, also fragrances may sensitize theskinas they contain many different ingredients. Whether these ingredients arenatural, derived fromnaturalsources, or synthetic makes little difference. However, this does not mean that persons withsensitiveskinshould not useNIVEAproducts containing fragrances! We only use perfumes that exhibit no relevant allergy potential and take greatcareto monitor the fragrances in our products. Every ingredient we use, including our fragrances has to meet our strictskintolerability criteria.
While fragrances are very tolerable for most people, it is estimated that 1- 2 percent of the population shows allergic responses to certain fragrance ingredients. This applies to both synthetic andnaturalingredients. The European Cosmetics regulation lists 26 substances associated with allergic reactions. If a cosmetics product contains any of these substances above certain limits, they must be declared on the packaging. This disclosure helps you to avoid ingredients you may be sensitized to. If you ever experience allergy symptoms, you should ask your doctor to perform an allergy test. You can thus pinpoint the scent you are allergic to and need not avoid all products with fragrance.
HowNIVEAprotects yourskinagainstsundamage
Sunshineis generallygoodfor our wellbeing. Thesun’s rays promote the production of the happiness hormone serotonin, so thesunmakes us happy.Sunrays give us a beautiful glow and stimulate theskin’svitaminD production, which is particularly important for bone stability and our health in general. But so called UVA and UVB rays insunlight can also have negative effects on ourskin. UVB rays penetrate the upper layer of theskinand are responsible for painfulsunburn. Because of their high energy levels, UVB rays can directly damage DNA which in the worst case can lead toskincancer. UVA rays penetrate theskinmoredeeply. Although we are usually not aware of them because they aren’t painful, they form free radicals which are able to damage cells and DNA which may lead toskincancer. UVA-induced free radicalstresscan lead to allergies andskinageing: about 80% of wrinkles are caused by UVA light!
That’s why we have to enjoysunresponsibly and with sufficientsunprotection. One of the most common means ofprotection is to applysunscreen products. Thanks to the innovative strength of the research and development departments,NIVEAtook a pioneering role insunprotection products (first officialNIVEAsunprotection cream was launched in 1936!) and is today the world's no. 1suncarebrand*
OurNIVEAsunscreen products contain UV filters which are essential to help youprotectyourskinagainst the adverse effects ofsunlight. In general, there are two types of UV filters: Organic (also called chemical) UV filters absorb the UV rays and transform energy into heat.Sunscreens containing organic UV filters can have benefits like easy application or transparent formulas. Besides organic filters, there are also mineral (or in other words - physical) UV filters. They consist of tiny particles that form kind of a shield when you apply thesunscreen. UV rays are reflected by this shield so they cannot harm yourskin. However, products that contain only mineral UV filters are less easy to spread on theskinthan products that contain organic UV filters only or in which combinations of organic and mineral UV filters are used.Sunscreens containing only mineral UV filters tend to leave behind a faint whitish film which will vary in thickness depending on thesunprotection factor.
To ensure reliablesunprotection and the most pleasant experience on each usage occasion,NIVEAofferssunscreen products with either organic UV filters only, or with a combination of mineral and organic UV filters.
*Source: Euromonitor International Limited;NIVEAin the categorySunCare, incl.SunProtection, Aftersunand Self-Tanning; in retail value terms, 2018 data
Sunscreens and the coral reefs
NIVEAis committed to reduce any negative impact on the environment, including coral reefs – one of the most diverse marine ecosystems. Approximately one quarter of all ocean species depend on reefs. It is well known that the survival of coral reefs around the world is under threat by various factors. The factors contributing to coral decline are complex and wide-ranging. Two primary causes are considered to be temperature anomalies and extreme weather conditions related to global climate change. Local factors such as land-based pollution caused by coastal development and agriculture, unsustainable fishing practices and an increasing number of invasive, coral-damaging species play a key role as well.
According to recent studies that investigated on corals under laboratory conditions, specific UV-filters – primarily oxybenzone (benzophenone-3) and octinoxate (ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate) – are suspected to accelerate coral bleaching. As of 2021,sunprotection products containing these chemical UV filters will be banned in Hawaii.
We have never used oxybenzone in our EuropeanNIVEAsunscreen products as this UV filter does not meet the high standards we set for oursunscreens. Octinoxate has been eliminated from all EuropeanNIVEAsunprotection products as early as 2016. That means that all EuropeanNIVEAsunscreen products were already compliant with the Hawaiian Reef Bill even before its passage in 2018.
NIVEAonly uses UV filters which have been considered safe for consumers and the environment by the appropriate regulatory agencies. We are assessing our portfolio of ingredients for their possible effects on the environment. New ingredients must meet our stringent standards and we would not implement ingredients if current scientific knowledge and subsequent environmental risk assessments in relation to our products show them to be harmful to the environment.
Research into UV filters and their environmental impact is still in its early stages, however, and has so far mainly been conducted in laboratories. There is therefore no scientific clarity as yet on the extent to which UV filters impact coral reefs and the wider marine environment under real life conditions.
We want to be in tune with the times and work with the latest findings to successfully drive more sustainable innovations: Therefore we are intensively exchanging with scientists, sustainability experts and our suppliers to help us improve and ensure the environmental compatibility of ourNIVEAsunscreen products.
What are titanium dioxide nanopigments?
Titanium dioxide is a mineral-based,whitesubstance used as pigment insunscreen, foodcoloring and other areas. Nanopigments of this substance are tiny particles – a million times smaller than a grain of sand. Titanium dioxide nanopigments are used in cosmetics as mineral (or physical) UV filter. Applied to theskin, they reflect and scatter UV rays and help toprotecttheskinagainstsunburn, premature aging, andskincancer.
Titanium dioxide nanopigments: functions
Imagine a coat of armor around your body that keeps UV radiation away from yourskin. Now imagine this coat of armor made of countless shields so tiny that they are individually invisible (while building in millions a smoothwhitecoat on yourskin). That’s how titanium dioxide nanopigments work. Like a shining armor, they reflect UV rays before they can damage theskinand the DNA ofskincells. They act as a mineral UV filter helping toprotectyou against immediate effects likesunburn as well as long-term hazards likeskincancer, helping to keep yourskinhealthy andnaturallybeautiful.
HowNIVEAuses titanium dioxide
NIVEAhas selected a well-balanced combination of UV filters for each respective product addressing different usage situations and needs. Therefore,NIVEAuses titanium dioxide in combination with organic (or chemical) UV filters in some of itssunscreen products. This way, we can offer you the best of both worlds: reliableprotection against UVA and UVB rays insunscreen that is easier to apply than one which contains only mineral UV filters, that feelsgoodon yourskinand that is water resistant (nevertheless: Never forget to re-apply after taking a dip!).
Some consumerprotection organizations have repeatedly claimed that nanomaterials – of which nanopigments are a part – may pass through theskininto the body and cause damage. We believe that all health considerations and potential issues should be taken seriously. However, these claims do not apply to titanium dioxide, the only nanopigments we use in oursunscreen products. Many comprehensive studies come to the conclusion that these ingredients do not penetrate theskinbarrier when you applysunscreen. Independent official authorities like European Commission’s Scientific Committee for Consumer Safety (SCCS), the German Federal Institute for Risk Assessment, and the EU NANODERM program have all concluded that nanopigments in cosmetics are harmless when applied to healthyskin. The NANODERM study also found that the tiny particles do not pass into thedeeperskinlayers. Thus, they do not enter the body and pose no threat to your health. On the contrary: theyprotectyou againstskincell damage andskincancer. That’s why you should takegoodcareand usesunscreen when you’re exposed to thesun.
What are parabens?
Parabens keep your cosmetic productsfreshso you can safely use them. Even if you forgot to put the lid on your face cream in the bathroom or yoursunscreen gets pretty warm on your beach towel. Without parabens, many cosmetic products - especially those containing water - would spoil soon after you’ve opened them. Parabens give you the security that your body lotion, face cream, or other favorite product staysfreshas on the day you first opened it.
Parabens: function and safety
Parabens are preservatives. They make sure thatskincareproducts, especially those containing a lot of water, stayfreshover a long period of time by acting against germs and fungi. Parabens can be created artificially or found innaturalingredients such as carrots, cucumbers, olives and more. Both effective and highly tolerable, parabens have been used to preserve cosmetics, household products, medicine, and foods for more than 80 years. Over the decades, parabens have been intensely researched. In fact, they are the most researched preservatives of all. The results: both the European Commission and the independent U.S. evaluative commission (Cosmetic Ingredient Review / CIR) agree that parabens are safe.
HowNIVEAuses parabens
At this point, parabens are the safest and gentlest preservatives we can use. However, we keep constantly researching to find the best, effective and healthiest ways to keep our products, our environment and you safe.NIVEAonly uses parabens in about 20 percent of our products - up to 80 percent are paraben-free. Take our classicNIVEAcream: its oily formula keeps itfreshwithout preservatives. All of our baby products are also paraben-free. A few products which still contain parabens are some face creams,sunscreens and body lotions. We include preservatives in these products to make sure they remain safe for you to use.
There are more studies on parabens than any other preservative. The conclusion is: parabens are versatile, effective and safe to use, causing little to no allergic reactions. Some people have raised concerns that parabens may accumulate in our bodies and affect our hormones or general wellbeing in the long run. However, additional studies have shown that parabens are quickly broken down in the body. This is why the European Commission and the American Cosmetic Ingredient Review have both concluded that parabens do not impact our health.
Our ownNIVEAexpert team also confirms that parabens are safe for humans, which is why we still use them in some products. But we want our products to be safe andgoodfor everybody, including people with paraben intolerance. This is why we keep looking into other, equally safe and gentle preservative options. We have found a number of alternative preservative systems and created products for those of you who may besensitiveto parabens - or simply wish to avoid parabens in their products.
What are PEG compounds?
PEG stands for polyethylene glycol. PEG compounds are the whizzes of the cosmetics world: they serve as emulsifiers, binding agents, stabilizers, and emollients
PEG compounds: functions
PEG compounds can perform several functions at once. As emulsifiers, they make sure that oil and water mix and form nice, smooth creams and lotions. They allow perfume oils to dissolve in water-based products. In shampoos and shower gels, they help create supple foam. As emollients, PEG compounds soften and moisturize theskin. Some of these multi-taskers also have a cleansing effect. Apart from the cosmetic industry, PEG compounds are used in pharmaceutical and medical fields.
HowNIVEAuses PEG compounds
NIVEAuses PEG compounds in creams, lotions, shower gels, shampoos, and bath essences. Not only do they perform a wide range of functions, they are also veryskin-friendly and not known to trigger allergies.
There have been claims that PEG compounds may pass through theskininto the body and carry other, potentially harmful ingredients with them. The truth is: there are many different PEG compounds and they do not all act the same way. Some compounds actually do make theskinmore permeable – and they’re supposed to, because they are used in medicinal salves. Others don’t cross theskinbarrier. Whether the PEG compounds affectskinpermeability also depends on their concentration and the other ingredients used in the product formula. True to our commitment to use only safe and necessary ingredients,NIVEAselects the compounds in our products verycarefully. We also keep the concentration levels low enough to ensure safe use. For each new formula, there is an extensive testing period during which we make sure that it does not irritate, cause allergies, or have any other undesired effects.
What are silicones?
Silicones are chemical compounds that are uniquely smooth and fluid. As silicone oils, they lendskincareproducts their pleasant texture and make them easy to apply.
Silicones: functions and safety
Silicones are the “smoothifiers” of the cosmetics world: without them, face creams and lotions would be tougher and less pleasant to the touch. Chemically speaking, silicones are a group of compounds containing chains made up of silicon atoms and oxygen atoms, combined with other elements. They can withstand very high temperatures, do not react easily with other substances, and areskinfriendly.
Silicones are safe to use with foods – maybe you own a silicone spatula or other cookware made of silicone. The silicones used in cosmetics are silicone oils: clear, odorless liquids that lend lotions, creams, and other products their smooth, silky texture.
HowNIVEAuses silicones
NIVEAuses approximately 30 different silicones, and about 20 percent of our products globally – mainly leave-on products, like face creams and lotions or deodorants, contain silicones. Why so many different silicones? Because each and every one of them has a specific effect, and we takecareto include only ingredients that have a noticeable benefit for your product experience. Silicone oils in lotions and creams make sure that the product is a delight to apply and give yourskina silky smooth touch. In haircare, silicones prevent static charge and frizz, making for soft and supple hair. In liquid deodorants, they ensure that theactiveantiperspirant ingredients are distributed evenly and nothing gets lumpy.
The great thing about silicones is that they are not only highly multi-talented, but also safe andskin-friendly. Even more so than somenaturaloils! Whennaturaloils react with oxygen, the resulting products may irritate theskinor cause allergies. Silicone oils, on the other hand, rarely trigger allergies and do not oxidize easily. This - in addition to their great fluidity - makes themskincompatible and ideal for use in cosmetics. But doesn’t silicone in haircareproducts weigh down your hair? There are no systematic studies showing that silicones weigh down the hair.NIVEAhaircareformulas wash out easily and let your hairshinein all its glory. We also offer silicone-free shampoos and conditioners to leave the choice up to you.
There are claims that silicone oils from cosmetics products might damage the environment. The silicones in shampoos, conditioners or other products that get rinsed out go down the drain and end up in the waste water. Silicones are very stable and therefore do not degrade easily. As they are almost insoluble in water and non-toxic we can conclude that they do not pose a risk to the environment. Recently cyclic silicones have been regarded by the European Chemicals Agency as potentially harmful to the environment although other authorities e.g. in USA and Canada consider these cyclic silicones as safe. These cyclic silicones (namely D5 and D6) should not be confused with the majority of other silicones which do not fall in this group and are considered safe to the environment as they neither bioaccumulate nor are toxic to living things according to current knowledge.
Wecarefully monitor further regulatory developments as well as scientific research on cyclic silicones to review and prepare our measures to continuously evolve our products and provide the best possible performance for the consumer as well as for the environment.
What is sweet almond oil?
Sweet almond oil is cold-pressed from ripe almond kernels – the sweet, peeled fruit of the almond tree – and then refined. The golden oil with its mild, sweetly nutty aroma has been used in medicine andskincarefor many centuries.What’s so special about sweet almond oil?
Not only are almonds delicious, nutritious and very healthy snack – the oil pressed from them is highly tolerable for allskintypes, particularly dry andsensitiveskin. It has a high content of unsaturated fatty acids (90 percent). And the oil also contains 20-30 percent linoleic acid, a substance that occursnaturallyin the humanskin. Ancient Chinese, Greco-Persian and Ayurvedic schools of medicine used sweet almond oils.HowNIVEAuses sweet almond oil
NIVEAuses cold-pressed, refined sweet almond oil in a wide range of ourskincareproducts. All our almond oil is sourcednaturallyand of the highest quality. From 1,000 kilos of peeled almond kernels, we derive approx. 400 liters of sweet almond oil. What remains of the kernels is a sort of almond bran that is used in peelings and masks for face and body.
What is Creatine?
Creatine is an organic compound produced in the liver, kidney, and pancreas. It plays a key part in our organs’ energy supply, acting like a battery that binds, transports and releases energy.
What’s so special about creatine?
Foundnaturallyin yourskin, creatine acts as an energy reservoir.
As we grow older, our bodies’ creatine production slows down.NIVEAcould prove that Creatine readily enters theskinfrom our formulas and thus can help to keep a higher level of thisskin’s own substance.
HowNIVEAuses creatine
NIVEAuses creatine in combination with other ingredients like co-enzymeQ10in our Q10 Plus range but also in other products whenever theskincondition requires this kind of energy source.
What is Eucerit?
In a way, Eucerit is the bedrockof modern cosmetics and of the entireNIVEAbrand. Discovered over a century ago, the emulsifier became a key ingredient of our iconicNIVEACreme. Eucerit allows oily and watery parts in cosmetic products to mix, acting as a link between oily and watery components. Anaturallyderived substance, Eucerit is derived from wool wax.
What’s so special about Eucerit?
Most cosmetics products are composed of oily and watery parts. Making them blend into a smooth, creamy and stable texture is one of the greatest challenges in the world of cosmetics. Many early emulsifiers only keep oil and water together as long as the temperature doesn’t change. This is why the discovery of Eucerit was a milestone inskincaredevelopment. Made from purified wool fat, Eucerit (“the beautiful wax”) keeps emulsions stable even under extreme climatic conditions.
HowNIVEAuses Eucerit
ForNIVEA, Eucerit is doubly special. Not only is it an effective emulsifier, but also a key ingredient of our iconicNIVEACreme. In fact, it was the discovery of Eucerit in the early 20th century that allowed theNIVEACremeinventors Oscar Troplowitz, Dr. Paul Gerson Unna and Isaac Lifschütz to create their snow-white, stableskincream. The new product revolutionized the cosmetics world.NIVEACremewas state of the art over 100 years ago and still is an icon today. It provides effectiveskincare, and guards theskinfrom drying out. Tolerated extremely well,NIVEACremeis suitable for allskintypes, evensensitiveskin. As one of the first creams to withstand high and low temperatures,NIVEACremecould be shipped around the world. It became a global success and madeNIVEAthe world’s No1.skincarebrand*.
* Source: Euromonitor International Limited;NIVEAby umbrella brand name in the categories BodyCare, FaceCareand HandCare; in retail value terms, 2018
What is Q10?
Coenzyme Q10 is a molecule that our bodies produce. It is essential for our cells’ energy metabolism. As an energizer it helps our cells to grow, stay healthy, and regenerate. Q10 is also a potent antioxidant that fights free radicals, highly reactivemolecules that damage cells on many levels, including cell DNA, proteins, andlipids.
What’s so special about Q10?
Q10 is the body’s power booster. Most of our bodies’ energy is generated with the help of this coenzyme. Q10 is particularlyvitalfor organs that need a lot of energy, including ourskin, the human body’s largest organ. Healthy, youngskinregenerates constantly and more easily than olderskin, and it needs Q10 to do so.
As ourskinages, the Q10 levels in ourskincells rapidly decrease. There are also other factors that lower the Q10 level, includingstress, certain drugs, and UV radiation. Foods like meat, eggs, fish, nuts, potatoes, broccoli, and spinach aregoodsources of Q10. Topical application of appropriate cosmetic formulations containing theskin’s own coenzyme Q10 verifiably replenishes theskin's Q10 depot. This supports the energy metabolism ofskincells and reduces the number of free radicals.
HowNIVEAuses Q10
NIVEAhas been at the forefront of Q10 research for decades. In the 1990s, we were the first to introduce Q10skincareto the mass market – and we have been evolving the formulation ever since. Our Q10 products contain high-quality Q10 and we make it readily available toskinwith our elaborated formulas. We continuously conduct studies and extensive research to further evolve our Q10 products, adding compatible partner ingredients like creatine or the potent antioxidantvitaminC depending on theskincondition the product is designed for.
AtNIVEA, we aim for circularity and responsible use of packaging material to prevent pollution and reduce our carbon footprint.  Our approach is as simple as it is challenging: we reduce plastic wherever possible, recycle plastic as much as we can, replace it when it makes sense, and encourage our customers to reuse their cosmetics packaging.Learn about our achievements and targets to create sustainable packaging with less or recycled plastic, and wood-based material from controllable and traceable sources.
Humanity is faced with the question of how to solve the global plastic problem. AtNIVEA, we have set ambitious targets to reduce fossil-based virgin plastic and increase the amount of recycled material in our packaging as well as to ensure the recyclability and reusability of our packaging.Explore what we have achieved so far and aim to do to prevent further plastic pollution.
One way of reducing plastic in packaging is by replacing it with wood-based material such as paper and cardboard. As we strive to treat nature with respect, we make sure that thenaturalmaterial we use is obtained sustainably toprotectforests from deforestation. Paper-based cosmetics packaging is also among the more-readily recyclable, to help minimise the amount of  packaging waste.Read more about our commitments to sustainable paper packaging.
We are increasingly implementing recycled aluminium in to our product packaging. The use of recycled materials not only reduces waste, but allow us to keep reusing existing materials. Aluminium can be recycled infinitely and is therefore an ideal material for circular use.Find outmore.
When we experience loneliness, we can feel out of place, as if from another world. But with 1 in 5 people suffering from loneliness, we are not alone in feeling alone.*
NIVEACONNECT believes that togetherness and meaningful connections are key to overcome loneliness. It starts with one gesture, one conversation, one person. Help us bringcareand connection to every corner of our community.
Grita LoebsackPresidentNIVEA
“Loneliness can’t be solved if it stays hidden. By making it visible, we open the door to empathy and action.”
Tobias ColleeVice PresidentNIVEABrand
1 in 5 feel lonely
Loneliness peaks in quiet moments like evenings
Young people (16 -24) feel lonelier than any other age group
56% struggle to ask for support
63% feel happier with meaningful connections*
United KingdomThe Building Connections Programme empowers young people to overcome loneliness with the help of a befriender who will guide them through a 12-week programme.
United Kingdom
The Building Connections Programme empowers young people to overcome loneliness with the help of a befriender who will guide them through a 12-week programme.
South AfricaA safe place where children and young people in rural Hibberdene can learn to communicate and connect with each other.
South Africa
A safe place where children and young people in rural Hibberdene can learn to communicate and connect with each other.
AustriaThis project has created a toolbox for teachers to help their students build social skills within their classroom, community, and beyond.
Austria
This project has created a toolbox for teachers to help their students build social skills within their classroom, community, and beyond.
BrazilPIA provides education about the impact of racism in communities, through seminars and educational materials tocaregivers in different public services.
Brazil
PIA provides education about the impact of racism in communities, through seminars and educational materials tocaregivers in different public services.
GermanyThe project 'Unmute' provides digital counseling to young people for managingstress, loneliness, and social isolation when they need it most.
Germany
The project 'Unmute' provides digital counseling to young people for managingstress, loneliness, and social isolation when they need it most.
This is just the start.
By 2026, our goal is to set upNIVEACONNECT projects in 40 countries, supporting communities worldwide. We're excited to expand our efforts, with many new projects launching throughout the coming year.
Get 3 dimensions of glow with our new glow serum containing the breakthrough THIAMIDOL, Niacinamide and Aloe Vera formula delivering 3-dimensional glow. 
*Provides 3 glow effects: evenness, pore refinement andfreshhydration
Support thenaturalprocesses that unlock the 3 powers ofskinglow: reduced hyperpigmentation, pore refinement andfreshhydration.
3 POWERS OFSKINGLOW
•balances pigmentation and evensskinwith patentedTHIAMIDOL– our most effective anti-spot ingredient
•with our formula containing Niacinamide•known to help reduce excess oil and refines pores
•deeplyhydrates theskinwith our formula containing Aloe Vera•providesfreshhydration instantly and long term
Experience instantly brighter and more radiantskinwithNIVEA’s breakthrough patented ingredient, THIAMIDOL.
TheLUMINOUS630®success journey continues! Our newest range additions, ourNIVEALUMINOUS®SkinGlow Daily Liquid Exfoliant andNIVEALUMINOUS630®SkinGlow Instant Glow Serum complete your glow routine.
OurLUMINOUS630®SkinGlow Instant Glow Serum is formulated with our patented ingredient THIAMIDOL, Niacinamide, and Aloe Vera, while our Daily Liquid Exfoliant is formulated with effectiveactives AHA and PHA.
Apply theNIVEALUMINOUS630®SkinGlow Daily Liquid Exfoliantevery day before yourskincareroutine, using a cotton pad or your hand. Start with a clean face before yourskincareroutine.Follow with your serum – applyNIVEALUMINOUS630®SkinGlow Instant Glow Serumdaily, in the morning and evening. Spread the serum evenly over your entire face.  Be sure to follow with SPF afterwards.Note:Choose to use the Daily Liquid Exfoliant only once a day, either in your morning or evening routine.
Apply face products containing Thiamidol® max. 4 times per day. Avoid direct eye contact
Item Number 99394 (99394-04500-32)
Included:Aqua, Glycerin, Alcohol Denat, Niacinamide, PEG-40Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice Powder, Glucosylrutin, Isoquercitrin, Trisodium EDTA, Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum, CI 16035
ActiveIngredient:Aloe Vera
The reviews are not verified for authenticity
Discover what Thiamidol is and how it works to reduce dark spots and even outskintone. Learn about its benefits and usage in yourskincareroutine.
Thiamidol is a patentedskincareingredient specifically formulated to reduce melanin production which can create dark spots, hyperpigmentation, and unevenskintone. The latest research has proven that Thiamidol is one of the most effective ingredients for reducing dark spots*, outperforming many common anti-spot ingredients. Found in theNIVEALUMINOUS630® products, Thiamidol works at the root of dark spots to reveal aluminous, even-toned complexion**.*In vitro Tested vs the most common anti-spot ingredients in the facecaremarket.**Dark spots caused bysunexposure, ageing, and hormonal imbalances like pregnancy andmenopause.
Thiamidol helps reduce dark spots by balancing pigmentation. Regular use can lessen existing dark spots and prevent new ones from forming.Understanding melanin production:
Factors affecting melanin production:
Researchers found that Thiamidol inLUMINOUS630® ANTISPOT contributes to inhibition of  tyrosinase,balances pigmentation and therefore, effectively lightens dark spots.
Our research teams conducted numerous compound tests to find the most effective ingredient against dark spots. And the findings? Number 630, Thiamidol, proved to be the most effective on tyrosinase, an enzyme involved inskinpigmentation.WhenLUMINOUS630® ANTISPOT DARK SPOT ADVANCED SERUMcontaining Thiamidol was consistently applied to theskin, it was noted that:
Clinically tested, it not only reduces the appearance of visible spots but also dark spots you can’t yet see, which might become visible later on.*Self-scoring, 66 women, 8 weeks.**Self-grading, 46 women, 8-week study.
What is Thiamidol?It is a patented ingredient that helps reduce excess melanin production.Benefits:Reduces dark spots, evens outskintone, and prevents new pigmentation.Usage:Suitable for allskintypes, includingsensitiveskin.
Enriched with the patented ingredient Thiamidol, theLuminousrange is clinically proven to fade dark spots and prevent future pigmentation by working at acellularlevel to rebalancemelanin production.
With over 10 years of dark spot research and breakthrough discoveries, the range also features products with more stand-out ingredients such as collagen boosters in the anti-age and spot serum, and salicylic acid in the post-acne serum.
TheNIVEALUMINOUS630® ANTISPOT DARK SPOT ADVANCED SERUMworks to fade both visible and hidden dark spots, thanks to a formula containing our patented ingredient Thiamidol combined withHyaluronic Acid andVitaminE.Benefits:
*Brown spots caused bysunexposure, ageing and hormonal imbalances such as pregnancy and themenopause.**Self-scoring, 66 women, 8-week study.***Self-grading, 46 women, 8-week study.
Age spots are notable, small brown pigmentation spots, typically found on individuals aged 40 and above. TheNIVEALUMINOUS630® ANTISPOT Anti-Age & Spot Serumhelps to reverse signs of ageing by targetingdeepwrinkles and reducing age spots accumulated over the years.Benefits:
The inflammation associated with acne can sometimes leave dark spots called post-acne marks i. TheNIVEALUMINOUS630® ANTISPOT Post-Acne Marks Serumis ideal for those with post-acne marks, as it smooths and mattifies theskin.Benefits:
***Self-scoring, 44 participants
Prolonged UnprotectedSunExposure is the main factor for triggering melanin production and or dark spots. Thiamidol assists in reducing the appearance ofsun-induced dark spots by working at the root cause, balancing pigmentation and therefore reducing visible dark spots and even the hidden, not yet visible spots.TheNIVEALUMINOUS630® ANTISPOT Daily UV Fluid SPF 50is perfect for preventing dark spots andprotecting yourskinfrom UV rays and photo-ageing (sun-induced ageing).Benefits:
Hormonal changes in different phases of life, such as pregnancy ormenopause, can trigger an overproduction of melanin which could lead to irregular pigmentation and an unevenskintone.TheNIVEALUMINOUS630® ANTISPOT Night ComplexionRepairworks while you sleep torepairunevenskintone and improve yourskin's radiance.Benefits:
Immediate faceprotection from UVA/UVB rays with invisible ultra-light fluid for allskintypes. Ocean Respect formula.NIVEASUNUV Face Specialist Invisible Daily Fluid SPF 50+.
IMPORTANT USAGE INSTRUCTIONS
• Apply generously beforesunexposure and reapply frequently especially after swimming, perspiring or toweling to maintain theoriginalprotection. 
• Reducing the quantity will lower the level ofprotection significantly 
• Do not stay too long in thesun, even while using asunscreen product; Over-exposure to thesunis a serious health threat 
• Keep babies and young children out of directsunlight 
• Avoid contact with eyes
• Allow to absorb completely and avoid direct contact with textiles and hard surfaces to prevent staining. 
•Shakewell before use
Item Number 95150 (95150-04500-24)
Does not includeOxybenzone, Octinoxate, Octocrylene, Microplastics
Included:Aqua, Alcohol Denat, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate-Dicaprate, Ethylhexyl Triazone, Isopropyl Palmitate, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Dibutyl Adipate, DiethylaminoHydroxybenzoyl Hexyl Benzoate, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Tapioca Starch, Polyglyceryl-6 Stearate, Distarch Phosphate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Niacinamide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Decylene Glycol, Glycyrrhiza Inflata Root Extract, Copernicia Cerifera Cera, Cetearyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, Glycerin, Oryza Sativa Starch, Xanthan Gum,Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose,Hydroxypropyl Starch Phosphate, Polyglyceryl-6 Behenate, Phenoxyethanol,Hydroxyacetophenone, SodiumHydroxide
ActiveIngredient:Licochalcone A
Enjoy the refreshingly soft moisture ofNIVEASoft Daily UV with SPF 15 UVprotection for healthy, even glowingskin
Item Number 85892 (85892-04500-01)
Does not includeMineral oil, Silicone, Alcohol, Microplastics
Included:Aqua, Glycerin, Myristyl Alcohol, Alcohol Denat, Myristyl Myristate, Cetearyl Glucoside, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Glyceryl Stearate, Palmitic Acid, Stearic Acid,Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis Oil, Vegetable Oil, Cetyl Ricinoleate, Triisostearin, Sorbitan Stearate,Hydroxypropyl Starch Phosphate, SodiumHydroxide, Cetearyl Alcohol, Gellan Gum, Xanthan Gum, Myristic Acid, Arachidic Acid, Oleic Acid, Lauric Acid, Disodium Cetearyl Sulfosuccinate, Phenoxyethanol, Linalool, Citronellol, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Acetyl Cedrene, Citrus Aurantium Peel Oil, Limonene, Terpineol, Lavandula Oil/Extract, Linalyl Acetate, Parfum
ActiveIngredient:VitaminE
Immediate UVprotection anddeepmoisture with CitraCell-ProtectTM technology thatprotects against short & long-term UV damages, the dry-touch ultralight serum formula absorbs in seconds and is  water resistant while leaving nowhitecast:NIVEASUNProtect& Moisture Invisible Finish
Item Number 93703 (93703-04500-25)
Does not includeOxybenzone, Octinoxate, Octocrylene, Microplastics, Mineral oil
Included:Aqua, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Alcohol Denat, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Ethylhexyl Triazone, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Ethylhexyl Cocoate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Dibutyl Adipate, Glycerin, DiethylaminoHydroxybenzoyl Hexyl Benzoate, Distarch Phosphate, Tapioca Starch, Glyceryl Stearate, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, SodiumHyaluronate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Copernicia Cerifera Cera,Hydroxypropyl Starch Phosphate, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Xanthan Gum, Diisostearoyl Polyglyceryl-3 Dimer Dilinoleate,Hydrogenated Rapeseed Oil, Cetyl Palmitate, Cellulose Gum, SodiumHydroxide, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate,Hydroxyacetophenone, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Linalool, Benzyl Alcohol, Linalyl Acetate, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Citronellol, Vanillin, Parfum
Immediateprotection against UVA/UVB rays, a light, fragrance-free serum for even and noticeably smoothskin, preparing it for a flawless and prolonged make-up finish. 
Sutabile allskintypes. Ocean Respect formula.NIVEASUNUV Face Specialist 2in1 Primer Daily UV Serum SPF 50+.
Item Number 95225 (95225-04500-25)
Does not includePerfume, Oxybenzone, Octinoxate, Octocrylene, Microplastics
Included:Aqua, Alcohol Denat, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Dibutyl Adipate, Dipropylene Glycol Dibenzoate, Ethylhexyl Triazone, DiethylaminoHydroxybenzoyl Hexyl Benzoate, Distarch Phosphate, Glyceryl Stearate SE, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Glycerin, Glycyrrhiza Inflata Root Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate, SodiumHyaluronate, Tapioca Starch, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Copernicia Cerifera Cera,Hydrogenated Rapeseed Oil, Polyglyceryl-3 Methylglucose Distearate, Diisostearoyl Polyglyceryl-3 Dimer Dilinoleate, Xanthan Gum, Cetyl Palmitate, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Cellulose Gum, Sodium Cetearyl Sulfate, SodiumHydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Sulfate, Phenoxyethanol,Hydroxyacetophenone, CI 15985, CI 16035
ActiveIngredient:Hyaluronic Acid (Long and Short-Chain), Licochalcone A
NIVEAMENSensitiveDailyProtectMoisturiser shieldssensitiveskinwith SPF30,VitaminPRO Complex, and antioxidants. Lightweight, non-greasy, and alcohol-free*, it provides 3xprotection against UVA/UVB rays, blue light, and pollution for healthy, moisturizedskinall day.
Compared to other facecareproducts sold in the European market
Together with over 70 cosmetics companies & associations we have developed a science-based environmental impact assessment and scoring system.  Products that score “A” rank amongst the best in class of the facecarecategory for having a lower environmental impact.  Products that score “E” have a higher impact and are therefore key products to focus our efforts to improve their environmental performance.
Item Number 99455 (99455-04500-33)
Included:Aqua, Glycerin, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Methylpropanediol, Glyceryl Stearate, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Ethylhexyl Triazone, Cetearyl Alcohol, Glycyrrhiza Inflata Root Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate, Panthenol, Pantolactone, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Maltodextrin, SodiumHydroxide, Citric Acid, 1-2-Hexanediol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum
NIVEA24h MoistureLipBalm in Wild Cranberry keeps yourlips moisturised andhydrated withnaturalingredients for 24 hours
Item Number 85083 (85083-04500-25)
Does not includeMineral oil
Included:Helianthus Annuus Hybrid Oil, Ricinus Communis Seed Oil, Helianthus Annuus Seed Cera,Hydrogenated Rapeseed Oil, Butyrospermum ParkiiButter, Aroma, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Helianthus Annuus Seed Oil, Lecithin, CI 15985, CI 15850
NIVEA‘S HIGHEST EFFICACY IN REDUCING STRETCH MARK VISIBILITY .The highly effective body oil-serum with aSkin-Tone-Balancing formula featuring patentedLUMINOUS630 technology , evens out theskintone, reducing stretch mark less visibility. Starts working from day 1.
Item Number 98948 (98948-04700-41)
Included:Caprylic-Capric-Triglyceride, Isopropyl Palmitate, Ethylhexyl Stearate, Isobutylamido Thiazolyl Resorcinol, Tocopherol, Helianthus Annuus Seed Oil, Parfum
Providing immediate faceprotection from UVA/UVB rays with Anti-Blemish Complex + Niacinamide,NIVEASUNUV Specialist DermaSkinClear SPF 50+ Fluid does not clog pores and preventsskinbreakouts with leaving 0% sticky feeling. Ocean Respect formula.
Item Number 95147 (95147-04500-24)
Included:Aqua, Alcohol Denat, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate-Dicaprate, Ethylhexyl Triazone, Isopropyl Palmitate, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Dibutyl Adipate, DiethylaminoHydroxybenzoyl Hexyl Benzoate, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Tapioca Starch, Polyglyceryl-6 Stearate, Distarch Phosphate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Glycyrrhiza Inflata Root Extract, Carnitine, Niacinamide, Decylene Glycol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glycerin, Cetearyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, Oryza Sativa Starch, Copernicia Cerifera Cera, Polyglyceryl-6 Behenate,Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose,Hydroxypropyl Starch Phosphate, Xanthan Gum, SodiumHydroxide,Hydroxyacetophenone, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum
ActiveIngredient:Licochalcone A,VitaminE, Carnitine
NIVEASkinGlow Serum Infused Micellar Water for dull andsensitiveskineffectively removes waterproof make-up, impurities and dirt with just a few featherlight swipes. It brightens andhydrates theskin, for a more even and instantly glowingskincomplexion.
Item Number 98717 (98717-04568-01)
Does not includePerfume
Included:Aqua, Isododecane, Glycerin, C15-19 Alkane, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Arginine HCL, Citrus Sinensis Fruit Extract, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Caprylyl/Capryl Glucoside, Tocopherol, Zea Mays Oil, Sodium Chloride, Trisodium EDTA, SodiumHydroxide, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Phenoxyethanol, Benzethonium Chloride, CI 40800
NEWNIVEARepair+CareUrea Cream is specially formulated to providedeephydration for extremely dry and roughskin. Infused with 15% Glycerin and Urea, this gentle yet powerful creamrepairs visible signs of dryness from the very first application, instantly soothing dry, irritatedskin.
Item Number 99227 (99227-04500-41)
Included:Aqua, Glycerin, Urea, Glyceryl Stearate, Stearyl Alcohol,Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Dicaprylyl Ether, Sodium Lactate, PEG-40 Stearate, Talc, Panthenol, Pantolactone, Lactic Acid, Dimethicone, Xanthan Gum, Citric Acid, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Benzyl Alcohol, Linalool, Parfum
ActiveIngredient:Glycerine 15%, Urea
Discover how longsunscreen lasts once opened, and ensure yourskinstaysprotected by understanding the expiration of yoursuncream.
When it comes to the shelf life ofsunscreen, understanding both the duration of products whether they are unopened or opened and how to find expiration dates is key.
Some products may have an expiration date, which can be found next to the hourglass symbol on the packaging. In this case, it will of course be necessary to replace the product after this date.NIVEAsuncreams do not have an expiration date, but only a period of validity after opening.
Skincareingredients insunscreennaturallymay deteriorate over time but storing it properly can slow this process. Here are three tips to maintain its effectiveness:
Sunscreen typicallyprotects for about two hours, varying withSPFlevel and activity. Reapplyingsunscreen immediately after swimming in the water or heavy sweating ensures continuedprotection. Regular reapplication every two hours is also recommended for optimalskinsafety.
Environmental factors such as water exposure, sweat, and friction from clothing can diminishsunscreen effectiveness over time.Sunscreens with lower SPF levels or inadequateapplicationmay offer lessprotection, requiring more frequent reapplication.
Conservation:Store in acool, dry place away from directsunlight and heat. Close the container tightly after use to prevent air and moisture exposure. Avoid storing in humid areas like bathrooms.Application:Apply generously and evenly to all exposedskinbeforesunexposure. Reapply every two hours.Duration:Typically lasts for about two hours on theskin, with reapplication recommended every two hours or more frequently depending on activity and exposure.Expiration:Check the symbols on packaging and replacesunscreen if expired. Discardsunscreen that has changed in colour, texture, or smell.
NIVEASunCareoffers a range of products for effectivesunprotection, catering to differentskintypes and needs.NIVEAsunscreens provide broad-spectrum UV defence while nourishing theskin. Regular use helps preventsunburn, premature ageing, and long-termskindamage.
TheNIVEASUNProtect& Moisture Spray SPF 50+is formulated withVitaminE and Glycerin to moisturise andprotecttheskin.
NIVEA's FaceSunscreens offer tailoredprotection with formulas designed to nourish and defend delicate facialskin. From lightweight, non-greasy options to anti-ageing solutions, each product combines high SPFprotection withskincarebenefits for a radiant complexion under thesun.TheNIVEAUV Face Anti-Age Q10 Cream SPF 50, formulated with Q10, moisturises theskinand helps to preventskinageing signs such assun-induced wrinkles, thissunscreen is ideal for matureskin.
NIVEAKidsSunscreens offer gentle, yet effectiveprotection specially formulated for children's delicateskin. With very high SPF levels and water-resistant formulas, they provide reliablesunprotection during outdoor activities. TheNIVEASUNKidsProtect&Careis specifically for children, thissunscreen provides high SPFprotection with a formula that's gentle on young,sensitiveskin.
Yes,sunscreen can expire. It's important to always check the expiration date or the period of validity after opening, as the case may be and replacesunscreen if it has passed its expiration date or the months by the jar symbol after opening.
Signs of expiredsunscreen include changes in colour, texture, or smell. If thesunscreen appears different from when you first purchased it, it’s likely to have expired and should be discarded.
Sunscreen typically providesprotection for about two hours, but this can vary depending on factors like SPF level, activity, and environmental conditions.
You shouldn't usesunscreen that has passed its expiry date or its validity period after opening as it may have reduced effectiveness inprotecting against UV rays. It could also be subject to microbial contamination. Check the expiration date regularly and replacesunscreen if it has expired.
Storesunscreen in acool, dry place away from directsunlight and heat. Ensure the container is tightly closed to prevent air and moisture exposure. Avoid storing in humid areas like bathrooms.
Check for changes in appearance, texture, or smell. If it's discoloured, lumpy, or has an odd odour, replace it. Don't use it anymore if it doesn't provide expectedprotection or causes irritation.
The shelf life forsunscreen is typically a year after opening. Always check the number of months indicated on the packaging next to the open jar symbol. Store properly,protected from light, heat and humidity to preserve its effectiveness.
Discover 6 tips forsunburncare. Learn about common symptoms, how longsunburn lasts, and how to soothe pain and heal yourskinquickly.
Causes ofSunburn:UV rays from thesundamageskincells, leading to redness, pain, and swelling.Risk Factors:Higher risk forsunburn includes being outdoors withoutprotection, having fairskin, using tanning beds, or being near reflective surfaces like water or snow.Key Symptoms:Watch for redness, pain, swelling, blisters, peeling, and flu-like symptoms to act quickly.Treatment Tips:Get out of thesun,coolyourskin, use aftersunmoisturisers and drink enough water to stayhydrated. If blisters appear, avoid piercing them. If they are extensive, or in other serious cases, consult a doctor.
The UV index measures how strong thesun's UV rays are on a given day. Check the UV index before you go outside. A higher number means a greater risk ofsunburn, so take extra precautions on those days.
Apply a broad-spectrumsunscreen with at least SPF 30. Cover all exposedskin, including your ears, neck, and feet. Reapply every two hours, or more often if you are swimming or sweating. Explore theNIVEAProtect& Moisture Spray which offers immediate UVprotection while keeping theskinmoisturised for 48 hours**Instrumental test, 50 volunteers
The ultimate guide on age spots, so that you can learn to reduce them
Age spots are light brown toblackdiscolouration of theskin. Because they increase in number and intensity over the years, they are called "Age spots". In principle, however, these are pigment spots that occur in the course ofskinageing and through years of exposure to thesun.
Age spots typically fall into two main types based on their causes and appearance:
Age spots are primarily caused by prolonged exposure to thesun's harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays. Here are the 4 main factors that contribute to their development:1.SunExposure:The primary cause of age spots is excessivesunexposure over the years. UV rays trigger the production of melanin, which leads to the darkening of theskin, resulting in age spots.2. Age:As people age, theirskinbecomes more susceptible to developing age spots. Theskin's ability to regenerate andrepairitself diminishes, making it easier for melanin to accumulate in certain areas.3. Genetics:Genetics can play a role in the development of age spots. If your parents or close relatives have a history of age spots, you may be more prone to getting them as well.4. Hormonal Changes:Hormonal fluctuations such as those during pregnancy ormenopause, can trigger the appearance of age spots.
Getting rid of your age spots can be quite difficult, however there are some approaches you can take to help reduce them. Here are some effective approaches to minimise their appearance (please bear in mind that some of these solutions can be invasive, so seek advice from your dermatologist where appropriate):
Cleanse and Tone:Start yourskincareroutine with a thorough cleansing and toning process to remove dirt and impurities, preparing yourskinto absorb the nourishing ingredients in yourcareroutine.
Serum:Choose a serum that could help brighten yourskinand fade dark spots, including age spots. Products like theNIVEACellularLuminous630 Anti-Spot 2-in-1 Anti-Age & SpotSerumcontain Collagen boosting ingredients andHyaluronic acid to pump theskinwith moisture. It’s formulated to help target age spots, even out yourskintone and reduce wrinkles. Dermatologically approved, it is gentle to theskinand suitable for allskintypes.TheNIVEAMENAnti-Age 2 in 1 Power Serumalso helps target signs of ageing. Formulated with Thiamidol andHyaluronic Acid tohydrate, combat wrinkles and reduce the appearance of age spots, it offers a convenient solution formenseeking effective anti-agingcare.Day Cream:A day cream provides essential moisture andhydration throughout the day, helping to restore theskin'snaturalbarrier and shielding it from environmental aggressors like UV rays, pollution and otherstressors that can contribute to the formation of age spots and otherskinconditions. TheNIVEACellularLuminous630 Anti-Dark Spot Day Creamis a lightweight moisturiser that not only provides intense moisture but also helps to reduce the appearance of age spots over time. Made with powerful Thiamidol technology, it’s suitable and effective for allskintypes.
Night Cream:At night, to support yourskin'snaturalregeneration process while you sleep, consider using a night cream that contains ingredients that could help to reduce the appearance of age spots. TheNIVEACellularLuminous630 Anti-Dark Spot Night Creamcontains cell-activatingHyaluronic Acid that helps to rejuvenate yourskinand contains Thiamidol to help reduce the appearance of age spots.Sunscreen:During the day, make sure toprotectyourskinfrom furthersundamage and shield yourskinfrom harmful UV rays by applying asunscreenwith a highSPF. TheNIVEASUNUV Face Specialist Dark Spot Control Fluidhelps to prevent and visibly reducesun-induced spots byprotecting your delicate facialskinagainst UV rays. This light and non-greasy fluid formula enriched withHyaluronic Acid &VitaminE offers a refreshing effect and a smoothskinfeeling. It is also made with Thiamidol to visibly reducesun-induced age spots within just 4 weeks.Optional Weekly Mask Treatment:Once a week you could also incorporate a brightening face mask into your routine. TheNIVEAQ10 Power Anti-Age Brightening Maskhelps to provide an extra boost of brightening. The serum-infused mask is enriched with dual action Coenzyme Q10 and acts as a powerful antioxidant toprotectskinagainst aggressors.By incorporatingNIVEA'sLuminousskincareproducts into your routine, you could reduce your age spots and help prevent new spots from forming.
After 10 years of research and testing,NIVEAhas introduced a revolutionary solution to dark spot treatment through the patented ingredient, Thiamidol, to help address melanin production at acellularlevel.Thiamidol isNIVEA’s breakthrough patented ingredient that can help fade and prevent dark spots and age spots, developed by a team ofskincareexperts. Thiamidol acts as an ingredient to safely fade dark spots and help prevent future pigmentation.The range is also enriched with effective ingredients such asHyaluronic Acid, which can be found in the advanced treatment serum to brighten theskin. There is also a Collagen Booster infused in the anti-age and spot serum to filldeepwrinkles.
To minimise age spots on hands, you should applysunscreen to the back of them. Regularly applyingsunscreen can help prevent further development of the age spots caused bysunexposure.TheNIVEALuminous630 Anti Dark-Spot Advanced Hand Cream is a hand cream enriched withNIVEA’s break-through ingredient Thiamidol andHyaluronic Acid to nourish dry hands. The cream contains SPF15 to helpprotectthe hands againstsun-induced darkening which could help with reducing the appearance of age spots. In addition, this hand cream reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.
Preventing age spots involves adoptingprotective measures to minimise exposure to harmful UV rays and takinggoodcareof yourskin. Here are some effective strategies to help prevent age spots:Sunscreen:Apply broad-spectrumsunscreen with an SPF of 30 or higher daily, even on cloudy days. Reapply every two hours and after swimming or sweating.Sunscreen creates a barrier that helpsprotectyourskinfrom the damaging effects of UV radiation.
Seek Shade:Limit your time in directsunlight, especially during peak hours when thesun's rays are strongest (usually between 10 am and 4 pm). Seek shade under trees, umbrellas, or wearprotective clothing.Protective Clothing:Wear wide-brimmed hats,sunglasses, and long-sleeved shirts and pants made from tightly woven fabrics to shield yourskinfrom thesun. By adopting these preventive measures and makingsunprotection a priority, you can significantly reduce your risk of developing age spots and maintain healthier, youthful-lookingskinover time.KeepHydrated:Stayinghydrated helps to maintain yourskin's moisture barrier, which acts as aprotective shield against external factors like UV radiation, pollution and free radicals. A strong moisture barrier can aid in preventing damage that can lead to age spots. To stayhydrated, it’s recommended to drink a minimum of 1.2 litres of water a day.
Age spots are a commonskincondition that many people encounter as they age. Age spots arenaturaland commonly appear onsun-exposed areas like the face, hands, and legs. Despite being anaturaland harmless reaction of theskin, they can be a cause of concern for some individuals who wish to remove them.Thegoodnews is that you are able to prevent and treat age spots by applyingsunscreen regularly and avoidingsunbeds toprotecttheskinfrom UV rays. There’s also various treatments available, including creams, serums, chemical peels, microdermabrasion, laser therapy, and home remedies.While age spots are generally not dangerous, it's strongly advised to have anyskindiscolouration examined by a dermatologist to rule out seriousskinconditions.
Age spots can affect anyone, but they are more common in individuals over the age of 50. People with fairskin, who have spent a lot of time in thesunwithout adequateprotection, are more susceptible to developing these spots.
Age spots are generally harmless and do not pose a health risk. However, it's essential to monitor any changes in the appearance of the spots, as certainskinchanges may require medical attention to rule out other conditions.
While age spots cannot be entirely prevented, you can take measures to reduce their appearance. Regular use ofsunscreen,protective clothing, and seeking shade during peaksunhours can help minimise the risk of developing new age spots.
Over-the-counter products, such as brightening serums and creams containing ingredients like Thiamidol, Niacinamide or Retinoids, can be effective in reducing the appearance of age spots. However, results may vary depending on the severity of the spots and individualskintypes.
The timeline for visible results from age spot treatments varies from person to person. Some may notice improvements within a few weeks, while others may require several months of consistent use for significant changes. WithNIVEA’sLuminous630 serums you’ll be able to see visible results in 2 weeks. Old age spots might take longer to fade.
When looking for how to remove age spotsnaturallysome people may find that certainnaturalremedies, such as Lemon juice, Apple Cider Vinegar, or Aloe Vera, could help lighten age spots. However, these methods may not be as effective as clinically proven treatments, and caution should be exercised to avoidskinirritation if you’re looking to remove age spots with home remedies.
Dark age spots can be lightened or diminished with various treatments, but complete permanent removal may not be possible. Maintaining a consistentskincareroutine andprotecting theskinfrom furthersundamage can help prevent new spots from forming.
Uncover tips on how to reduce dark circles under eyes withNIVEA
Techniques like meditation,deepbreathing exercises, and yoga can help reducestresslevels. Highstresscan contribute to dark circles by affecting sleep patterns and blood circulation.
Incorporating Eye Cream into YourSkincareRoutine: Using a dedicated eye cream likeLuminous630 Anti Dark Circlescan be highly effective. It containsHyaluronic Acid and Caffeine to effectively target dark circles, as well as patentedNIVEAingredient Thiamidol to target hyperpigmentation.
Causes:Dark circles under the eyes can be caused by fatigue, lack of sleep, and ageing, which leads to thinningskinand visible blood vessels.Remedies:Eye creamshydrate and reduce puffiness. Concealers provide instant coverage for an evenskintone.Prevention:A regular sleep schedule helps prevent tired-looking eyes, and stayinghydrated keepsskinhealthy-looking and plump.
When it comes to dark circle eye treatment, creams and gels for eye contours are among the most commonly used cosmetic products. They often contain ingredients that specifically target the causes.
Addressing dark circles requires a consistent and targetedskincareroutine. Here's a simple yet effective regimen:
Opt for a tinted fluid that provides light andnaturalcoverage for face and dark circles. Discover theNIVEACellularLuminous630 Anti Dark-Spot Tinted Fluid Double Corrector SPF 20with a dual action: It helps even outskintone and dark spots while offeringsunprotection with SPF formulations. Avoid direct contact with the eyes. Note that this product won't completely conceal dark circles, but it will provide more discreet coverage while giving yourskinthecareit needs. If you want full coverage, opt for make-up products instead.
When it comes to dark circles under the eyes, bothmenand womencan experience them. Perhaps you're wondering how toget rid of dark circles inmen? While there are a variety of products that can help, it's important to remember thatmenand womenhave slightly differentskin.With this in mind,NIVEAoffers amen's eye cream for dark circles, designed specifically to improve theskinbeneath the eyes. TheNIVEAMENAnti-AgeHyaluronEye Creamis a fast-absorbing moisturising cream enriched withHyaluronic Acid to reduce bags under the eyes and signs of tiredness thatmenmay experience. It can visibly reducedeepwrinkles and firm theskinbelow the eyes while providing 24 hours ofhydration.
Reliableprotection against short- and long-term UV damages with new, fast absorbing CITRACELL-PROTECT™ formula:NIVEASUNProtect& Moisture Lotion
Check ingredients for any sensitivities.
Item Number 85666 (85666-04500-25)
Included:Aqua, Alcohol Denat, Glycerin, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Dibutyl Adipate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, DiethylaminoHydroxybenzoyl Hexyl Benzoate, Dipropylene Glycol Dibenzoate, Ethylhexyl Triazone, Cetyl Alcohol, Copernicia Cerifera Cera, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Tocopheryl Acetate, SodiumHyaluronate, Polyglyceryl-3 Methylglucose Distearate, Glyceryl Stearate Citrate, Glyceryl Stearate, C18-38 AlkylHydroxystearoyl Stearate, Xanthan Gum, Cetyl Palmitate, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, SodiumHydroxide, Phenoxyethanol,Hydroxyacetophenone, Linalool, Benzyl Alcohol, Linalyl Acetate, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Citronellol, Vanillin, Parfum
Reliable 5in1 UVprotection tailored to the needs of kids’ delicateskin. Immediate UVA/UVBprotection with extra water resistant formula.NIVEASUNKidsProtect&CareTrigger Spray SPF50+.
Care(Baby)
This product does not contain Almond Oil – for more details please visitnivea.co.uk/allergy
Item Number 98326 (98326-04500-25)
Included:Aqua, Alcohol Denat, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Glycerin, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Ethylhexyl Triazone, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Dibutyl Adipate, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate-Dicaprate, Copernicia Cerifera Cera, DiethylaminoHydroxybenzoyl Hexyl Benzoate, Glyceryl Stearate, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Panthenol, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Pantolactone, Tocopheryl Acetate,Hydrogenated Rapeseed Oil, Cetyl Palmitate, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Diisostearoyl Polyglyceryl-3 Dimer Dilinoleate, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Xanthan Gum, Cellulose Gum, SodiumHydroxide, Citric Acid, Trisodium EDTA, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum
The Dark Spot Advanced Serum reduces all types of dark spots - Up to 82% Spot Intensity Reduction² & even prevents the appearance of new spots. For a more even &luminouscomplexion.
Although there is a genetic disposition to dark spots, there are different reasons why they appear:
Our priority atNIVEAis not only that our innovations are working, but also that they are safe for theskin.LUMINOUS630is no exception and went through intensive testing procedures after its discovery.
We first tested the ingredient‘s compatibility on cell cultures in our lab, where we could prove, thatLuminous630 is mild toskincells. The efficacy outperformed our expectations.
After very vigurous safety evaluation, we then tested the ingredient on human volunteers. The clinical studies proved the outstanding efficacy on dark spots!
Finally, we conducted a study over our consumers with theLUMINOUS630ANTISPOT Advanced Treatment Serum and received amazing feedback:91% "The product helps to provide me a spotlessskin“100% "The product is well tolerated by myskin“100% "I want to make this product a fix step of my facecareroutine“LUMINOUS630is an anti dark spot ingredient that is both: suitable to be used every day & being highly effective.
LUMINOUS630works at cell-level, targeting the root cause of the issue with a dual action:
1. It works on exisiting melanin agglomerates to lighten the spots2. With continuous usage, it regulates melanin production to prevent the appearance of new ones
We performed clinical studies on the Advanced Treatment Serum, checking theskinafter 4 weeks, 8 weeks and 12 weeks and it proved the outstanding efficacy ofLUMINOUS630:1. In 4 weeks spots are visibly lightened2. In 8 weeks spot intensity is reduced by up to 50%3. Continuous improvement overtime with regular usage
Apply face products containing Thiamidol® max. 4 times per day. Avoid direct eye contact.
Item Number 94429 (94429-04500-32)
Included:Aqua, Caprylic-Capric-Triglyceride, Glycerin, Cocoglycerides, Alcohol Denat, Distarch Phosphate, Glyceryl Stearate, Methylpropanediol, Tapioca Starch, Cetearyl Alcohol, SodiumHyaluronate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Xanthan Gum, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Citric Acid, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Sulfate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum, CI 15985, CI 47005
LUMINOUS630® ANTISPOT Daily UV Fluid SPF50 with patented Thiamidol® reduces dark spots visibly after 2 weeks.
Apply face products containingLUMINOUS630® max. 4 times per day. Avoid direct eye contact.
Item Number 94410 (94410-04500-32)
Included:Aqua, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Isopropyl Palmitate, Alcohol Denat, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Distarch Phosphate, Glyceryl Stearate, Dibutyl Adipate, Ethylhexyl Triazone, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate-Dicaprate, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Tapioca Starch, Cetyl Alcohol, Stearyl Alcohol, Cocoglycerides, DiethylaminoHydroxybenzoyl Hexyl Benzoate, Glycerin, Isobutylamido Thiazolyl Resorcinol, SodiumHyaluronate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Caprylyl Glycol, Sodium Chloride, Xanthan Gum, Trisodium EDTA, SodiumHydroxide, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Sulfate, Parfum, CI 15985, CI 16035
LUMINOUS630® ANTI DARKSPOT Eye Treatment effectively targets dark circles and puffy under eye area. The formula, enriched with Thiamidol®balances pigmentation irregularities to lighten dark circles 
in 4 weeks.
Item Number 94136 (94136-04500-32)
Included:Aqua, Glycerin, Methylpropanediol, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Glyceryl Stearate, Cetearyl Alcohol,Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Tapioca Starch, Caprylic-Capric-Triglyceride, Cocoglycerides, Octyldodecanol, 1-2-Hexanediol, Isobutylamido Thiazolyl Resorcinol, SodiumHyaluronate, Caffeine, Tocopherol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Potassium Cetyl Phosphate,Hydrogenated Palm Glycerides, Caprylyl Glycol, Carrageenan, Xanthan Gum, Trisodium EDTA, SodiumHydroxide, Phenoxyethanol, Alumina, CI 77891
Do you want to find out how to get rid of cellulite? Read here for all tips and tricks, including causes and treatments.
No one should ever feel ashamed that they have cellulite or like it is something that they simply must get rid of. Cellulite is perfectly normal and is something that over 90% of all women(who are more predisposed to cellulite thanmen) have to some extent. Cellulite appears when fat cells under theskinpush against connective tissue, causing theskinto dimple. Due to how cellulite is formed, it is near impossible to completely remove it at home, however, there are a few things you can do at home to help reduce the prevalence of cellulite.There is a cellulite grade scale - mild, moderate, severe.Naturally, the milder the condition, the easier it is to reduce cellulite.
Dry brushing or massaging is agoodway to aid lymphatic drainage - a process that rids the fat layer of accumulated toxins. Dry brushing increases circulation and exfoliates theskin; it is also believed to help break down fatty deposits under theskinthat can result in cellulite.
A step in how to get rid of cellulite on thighs and legs can be to massage or brush the affected areas twice a day, in the morning and evening. Use a dry brush before a shower or bath - using a firm brush on dryskin, roll in small circular motions on theskin. Follow with a body lotion or moisturiser after your shower or bath to maximise results.You can massage the area yourself before or after a bath or shower to stimulate the lymphatic system and can improve the general appearance and tone of theskin. Use oils or your favourite body lotion to nourish theskin. Massage from the bottom up and aim for circular movements.
Tighter upper thighs
Lie sideways on an exercise mat and bend the lower leg slightly. Now straighten the upper leg and lift it up whilst exhaling. Hold it briefly in the air and then lower it again whilst inhaling. Change sides after 20 repetitions.These forms of exercise can also help get rid of cellulite- Yoga- Aerobic exercises such as running or cycling- HIIT - high-intensity interval training - increases your heart rate and helps you burn more fat- Strength training - including squats and lunges and weights
Whether you have any perfect imperfections orskinconcerns that really bother you, try our routine builder for a genuinely bespoke, helpfulskincareroutine. All you need to do is answer a few simple questions about yourskinconcerns and lifestyle. Our tool then analyses your uniqueskinfeatures and constructs a personalised routine adapted to your needs.What you’ll get fromNIVEARoutine Builder:
Everything you need to know about facial redness, the causes, concerns and the many ways to get rid of persistent red blotches on your face.
Facial Redness is often a cause of concern for many. Irritating red blotches on the face can become persistent and even painful depending on its severity. But what causes Facial redness and how can we reduce redness on the face?
Read on to discover answers to your concerns on this topic, including the main causes for a red face and the many efficient ways to treat it.
The red blotches on your face, known as facial redness, is identified through flushedskinon your cheeks, thickened and unevenskinaround your nose, or the appearance of small visible blood vessels across your face.
The appearances of facial redness may differ depending on the cause, and can be determined by an abnormality within the face’s venous system (such as dilated facial blood vessels). Some people may experience short-term facial redness through emotional responses such as blushing, whilst some more intense forms of facial redness may act as signs of an underlying medical condition.
Facial redness is caused by a variety of conditions, including medical and emotional responses. Red blotches on the face may emerge fromsun-exposure, allergic reactions, acne breakouts or even uncontrolled temperature changes.
If your face has been constantly feeling irritated and you are looking to alleviate the pain, understanding what is causing facial redness is extremely important. Facial redness can be triggered by the following conditions:
Common triggers that cause rosacea flare-ups include:
- Alcohol- Caffeine-Stress- Intense exercise- Too muchsunlight / heat- Spicy food- Cold weather- Humidity- Dairy- Medications
If you’ve noticed facial flushing and persistent facial redness from any of the common triggersmentioned, you may be experiencing rosacea. Other symptoms worth noticing is dry, orsensitiveskin, and facial swelling.
If you continuously takegoodcareof yourskin, you can easily alleviate these symptoms and rejuvenate your facial complexion. If you're concerned about rosacea, make sure to consult a doctor.
Exercise is essential to your well being andstressmanagement, but it can cause short-term facial redness. If you are concerned about a flushed face, you can try and alter the ways in which you work out, including the length of your sessions or the environment you are working out in.
As you start aging,sundamage can cause your face to turn red overtime. This is because thesunhas the ability to create permanent stretching of small blood vessels which, overtime, will give yourskina reddish appearance. So start applyingsunscreen whenever you leave the house! DiscoverNIVEA’s range ofsuncareproducts, perfect for reducing facial redness.
Stresscan change your complexion, so take some time to relax. Simple techniques likedeepbreathing, meditation or something as easy as smiling might help reduce unwanted levels of facial redness.
Acoolbath can help bring red rashes down, especially for heat or rosacea related redness.
There is a whole list of food and beverages that contribute to facial redness. Food containing Histamine (tomatoes, chocolate, and nuts) can cause your red blood vessels to dilate, which triggers rosacea. A high sugar diet can also alter a person's hormones, which in turn can make acne and facial redness worse.
Facial redness often correlates withsensitiveskinand it could be possible that yourskinissensitiveor irritated by scented products. You should try to avoid scented products and see if you notice any improvements in your facial complexion.
However if you are aware that your facial redness has emerged fromskinconditions, or has been persistently irritating you for long period of time,NIVEAadvises you to visit your local dermatologist.
Aloe Vera:Aloe Vera is an ingredient capable of reducing signs of facial redness due to its antioxidant, antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties.Aloe Veracan be used as ailments forsunburn and healing wounds, and is extremely effective in targetingskinconditions including eczema, rosacea and acne breakouts. TheNIVEANaturallyGoodRadiance Day Cream, enriched with Organic Aloe Vera, is a great choice for individuals who are looking to improve theirskincomplexion by reducing red blotches on the face whilst keeping theirskinmoisturized.
Salicylic Acid:Salicylic Acidis mostly found inskincareproducts that reduce blemishes. Known to be an excellent chemical exfoliating ingredient, Salicylic Acid can help remove deadskincells on your facialskin. This keeps yourskinfreshand mitigates chance of acne breakouts from occurring, making it an optimal ingredient for reducing facial redness.
Glycolic Acid:Glycolic Acidis a fruit acid that can visibly improve yourskin’s appearance by removing deadskincells. This allows you to maintain healthyskinand ensure that no excess oil or pollutants are penetratingdeepinto yourskin, which are root causes of facial redness.
If acne breakouts are a major cause of facial redness for you, check out theNIVEADermaSkinClear range. This product range combines both Salicylic Acid and Glycolic Acid with other beneficial ingredients to create products that can help combat blemishes and reduce facial redness. All products are mildly formulated and have been clinically tested, withNIVEAstudies showing a 93% visibly clearer complexion within seven days.
If you’re looking for home remedies that can help alleviate facial redness, try making your own face masks utilising ingredients like Aloe Vera and Cucumber Extract. By blending cucumbers with some oatmeal, you can create your own homemadecooling mask which are proven to be highly effective in toning down redness. Placing cucumber slices on red spots can alsocooland reduce redness.
Clay masks can also be highly effective when combating irritation from facial redness. Luckily they are simple to make. Try mixing water with facial clay to create a thick paste, and spread across your face for 20 minutes before rinsing it off. If your redness is coming fromsunburn, mix some aloe vera withwhitevinegar and cider vinegar to alleviate the sting.
Other ingredients that can help tone down facial redness include:- Honey- Chamomile Tea bags- Lavender Oil- Coconut Oil- Yogurt
Home remedies can help alleviate symptoms of facial redness, however adopting a specificskincareroutine is still the best option whenever available.
Discover main causes and remedies for spots on the chin.
The hormonal imbalancein womenis a common reason for recurring spots in this zone. These result in the excess of androgen hormone that over-stimulates the oil glands.
Womenwho still getacne in their mid to late twenties, tend to get spots on their chin, around the mouth and jawline - this is called a “U zone”.The hormonal imbalancein womenis a common reason for recurring spots in this zone. These result in the excess of androgen hormone that over-stimulates the oil glands.Another hormone-related reason is themenstrual period. During different parts of the cycle, the body produces more than the usual amount of certain hormones. By the end of it, more testosterone is produced which also increases the activity of the oil glands.
Sebumhelps keep yourskincoated, moisturised andprotected, however, excess oils on theskincan clog the pores and provoke chin spots. They usually appear in the form of large, red painful bumps orwhitespots that stay under theskin, called comedones.
Menare also prone to hormonal fluctuations that can affect theirskin, however the most common reason for chin spots inmenare ingrown hairs. This happens when the tip of hair grows back into theskincausing redness and inflammation. An ingrown hair can develop an irritation that looks like a spot.
When talking about spots, we generally refer to random, occasional pimples that are fast to treat and don’t usually reoccur.
Acne, on the other hand, is a more advanced and painful form of blemishes that occur frequently and require some time and assistance to treat. It has several levels of severity and has various types and reasons for occurring.
Acne on the chin is provoked by similar triggers as chin spots (hormonal fluctuations) but might require a more complex treatment when persistent.
There are many different ways to treat chin spots, which can be reduced with just little effort.The first thing advised by dermatologists is to not pick your spots - the less you touch it, the faster it will heal. Picking your spots will lead to inflammation and possible scarring.Make sure you're cleansing yourskinevery day - use a face wash to remove makeup, dirt, pollution, sweat and bacteria from theskin's surface.It is agoodidea to use a chemical exfoliator, starting with once to twice per week and moving into daily use to increase cell turnover and boost collagen production.After cleansing and exfoliating, use a toner for your face to give yourskinan extra boost ofhydration and follow up with a moisturiser - this will help with theskin’sprotective barrier andbalancethe oil production.Avoid harsh ingredients in yourskincareproducts that can strip yourskinfrom moisture - if theskinis overdried, the sebaceous glands overproduce oil to compensate for the loss of moisture, leading to clogged pores and breakouts.
Look for facecareproducts with ingredients likesalicylic acidandglycolic acid, they break the oil in the pores down and help reduce acne.Inmen, when the chin spots are a result of an ingrown hair, the best way to reduce it is by using creams and shaving lotions that prevent itching and irritation of theskin.Face exfoliation is also agoodway to prevent ingrown hairs, and not shaving too close to theskin, as a little bit of stubble can stop bacteria from getting in.In the case when these methods are not working for yourskinand chin spots keep reappearing or you think you have a more severe form of acne, seek professional medical advice for more advanced treatment.
By using simple steps, you can prevent chin spots from reappearing:- Wash your face twice per day, especially after sweating.
- Keep your hands away from your chin and jawline.
- Use non-comedogenicskincareproducts (products that contain ingredients that won't clog or block the pores on yourskin).
- Minimisestressand getgoodsleep - these will help with the hormonal imbalance.
- Always try to have a healthy diet and minimise your sugar intake.
- Keep your sheets and pillowcases clean.
- Keep your hair clean and preferably away from your jawline.
- Formen- use gentle hair removal techniques when shaving to avoid ingrown hairs.
Treat yourskinwithNIVEAQ10 Ultra Recovery Night Serum, yourskin's perfect companion optimises the nightlyrepair& regeneration process to revealfresher & firmer lookingskinovernight.
Avoid direct contact with eyes.
Item Number 94054 (94054-04500-31)
Included:Aqua, Glycerin, Cocoglycerides, Squalane, Cetearyl Alcohol, Polyglyceryl-3 Methylglucose Distearate, Dicaprylyl Ether, Ubiquinone, Creatine, 1-Methylhydantoin-2-Imide, Panthenol, Pantolactone, Tocopherol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Xanthan Gum, Carrageenan, Citric Acid, SodiumHydroxide,Hydroxyacetophenone, Phenoxyethanol
ActiveIngredient:Coenzyme Q10
Item Number 81287 (81287-04500-32)
Included:Aqua, Glycerin, Butyrospermum ParkiiButter, Cetearyl Alcohol, Methylpropanediol, Glyceryl Stearate SE, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Caprylic-Capric-Triglyceride, Cocoglycerides, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Glyceryl Stearate, Ubiquinone, SodiumHyaluronate, Creatine, 1-Methylhydantoin-2-Imide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Xanthan Gum, Trisodium EDTA, SodiumHydroxide, Phenoxyethanol, Pogostemon Cablin Oil, Parfum
NIVEALipOil Clear Glow with glossy finish gives you instant moisture, fuller lookinglips - non-sticky and vegan formula.
Item Number 88077 (88077-09113-00)
Included:Caprylic-Capric-Triglyceride, Ricinus Communis Seed Oil, Cocoglycerides, Octyldodecanol, Vegetable Oil, Ethylcellulose, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil, Helianthus Annuus Seed Oil, Mica, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Propyl Gallate, Aroma, CI 77891, CI 77492, CI 15850
For us not only thecareandprotection of yourskinis important. We also attach great importance to theprotection of your personal data. That's why we respect your privacy and want you to be able to trust us as much when it comes to dataprotection as when it comes toskincare. We always inform you transparently about what we need your data for and if and for how long we store it. This allows you to decide for yourself for which purposes we may use your data. To ensure the best possible security, the information is always transmitted to us in encrypted form. If you no longer wish us to use your data, please let us know informally, for example by email.
Content of this Privacy Policy
1. General Information1.1. Processing of Personal Data1.2. Controller1.3. Rights of the Data Subject1.4. Recipients (general information)
2. Collection and Processing of Personal Data when visiting our Website2.1. Hosting2.2. Login Functionalities2.2.1. Centralised Login Profile2.2.2. Social Login2.3. Ratings and Reviews2.4. Cookies/Tools2.4.1. Consentmanager CMP – Central Cookie Management Platform2.4.2. Beiersdorf Simplicity2.4.3. Google Analytics2.4.4. A/B Testing2.4.5. Google Ads (formerly Google Adwords)2.4.6. Google Analytics Advertising Features2.4.7. Google Campaign Manager2.4.8. Adform2.4.9. (Website) Facebook Custom Audiences/Conversion (“Facebook Pixel”)2.4.10. Commerce Connector2.4.11. Where to buy (Swaven)2.4.12. Pinterest Pixel2.4.13. Floodlight Activities/ DV3602.4.14. Social Plug-ins2.4.15. Youtube-Videos2.4.16. Google Tag Manager2.4.17. Google Maps2.4.18. User Generated Social Media Content (Via Squarelovin)2.4.19. Hotjar2.4.20. Friendly Captcha2.4.21. Contentsquare2.4.22. LinkedIn Insight Tag2.4.23. TikTok Pixel2.4.24. Awin Performance Advertising Network2.4.25. The Trade Desk2.4.26. Universal Event Tracking Website Tag (Microsoft Advertising / Bing Ads)2.4.27. The Trade Desk
3. Further services offered (on- and offline)3.1. Contacting/Communication/Collaboration3.2. Newsletter3.3. Campaigns (e.g. Sweepstakes, Product Tests)3.4. Loyalty Program3.5. Postal Mailings3.6. Surveys4. Objection or Withdrawal of your consent to the Processing of Personal Data
1. General Information
The purpose of this privacy policy is to provide you with information concerning the processing of personal data when using our website and related services. This privacy policy applies to all websites or services that refer to this privacy policy.
1.1. Processing of Personal Data
Personal data (in short data) within the meaning of Art. 4 of the UK General DataProtection Regulation (UK GDPR) are all information relating to an identified or identifiablenaturalperson, e.g. name, address, email address, etc.
1.2. Controller
Responsible for the processing of personal data within the meaning of Art. 4 (7) UK GDPR is: Beiersdorf UK Ltd, Trinity Central, Trinity Park, Bickenhill Lane, Birmingham, B37 7ES, United Kingdom, Tel: +44 (0)121 329 8800noedataprotection[at]Beiersdorf.com(see our imprint).
Contact  details of the dataprotection officer:noedataprotection[at]Beiersdorf.comor under the postal address of the controller for the attention of the “dataprotection officer”.
Specific data processing activities might occur under the responsibility of other controllers. It is indicated in the respective description of those activities below, where this is the case.
1.3. Rights of the Data Subject
As data subject affected by the data processing activity, you have the following rights with regard to your personal data in accordance with the legal provisions:
Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority concerning the processing of your personal data.
When we work on your above-mentioned right, we may ask you for proof of your identity. For more information on how we process your data, see3.1.
1.4.Recipients (general information)
Additionally to the recipients that are listed within the recipients paragraph of each section below, we transfer the collected data to the relevant internal departments for processing and to other affiliated companies within the Beiersdorf Group or to external service providers, contract processors in accordance with the purposes required. We also forward the data to the following recipients:
-Platform/hosting providers will have access to personal data from a third country (countries outside the European Economic Area or UK). As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
-Analytical service providers will have access to personal data from a third country (countries outside the European Economic Area or UK). As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
-IT support service providers will have access to personal data from a third country (countries outside the European Economic Area or UK). As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
-Authorities: In the event of a legal obligation, we reserve the right to disclose information about you if we are required to surrender it to competent authorities or law enforcement bodies acc. to: Art. 6 (1) c UK GDPR (legal obligation).
Further information can be found within the recipients paragraph of each section.
2. Collection and Processing of Personal Data when visiting our Website
When visiting and using our website we already collect personal data. You can find within this section more information about website specific processes and tools especially from external partners. Further information about processes which can also occur in an offline context can be found in section 3.
2.1. Hosting
Purpose/Information:When visiting and using our website for information purposes only, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server, which are technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to guarantee stability and security.
Used Cookies/Tools: Type A. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section2.4.
Recipients:-Platform/hosting providers will have access to personal data from a third country (countries outside the European Economic Area or UK). As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
-Service Provider for IT-Support will have access to personal data from a third country (countries outside the European Economic Areaor UK). As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Further recipients can be found in the general recipients section1.4.
Deletion:The deletion of the log files takes place after 7 Days.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) f UK GDPR (legitimate interest)
2.2. Login functionalities
This website might provide different login functionalities as described below.
2.2.1.Centralised Login Profile
Purpose/Information:
This website might provide you with a centralised login profile, if this feature is activated on this website and includes a separate consent during the registration process: When registering, Beiersdorf AG provides you with the opportunity to create an account with a password (login profile). This login profile will be created within the centralised brand login profile database and shall verify that you are the valid owner of the account and/or email address. This login database is in general only connected to the service you are registering to and handles only the verification part of your login profile. The login profile will therefore be forwarded to the respective local Beiersdorf company you are demanding the service for.
If you demand additionally further services of another Beiersdorf company (e.g. registering a login profile for another country site) your login profile incl. password can be optionally reused for your demanded service within this brand.
Controller:Responsible for the centralised profile is Beiersdorf AG, Beiersdorfstr. 1-9, 22529, Hamburg, Germany.
Contact details of the dataprotection officer: Dataprotection[at]Beiersdorf.com or under the postal address of the controller for the attention of the “dataprotection officer”.
Recipients:Platform/Hosting provider. Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Deletion / Withdrawal:Your login profile will be automatically deleted as soon as you have deleted your local brand account on the registered website, unless this conflicts with legal storage obligations or statutes of limitations. In cases where you are registered with this login profile to more than one local brand account, your login profile will be deleted when all your local brand accounts are deleted. An automatic deletion of local brand accounts in general take place after 24 months of inactivity.
In case you only created this login profile without registering to a local brand account, this login profile will be automatically deleted within one day.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) a UK GDPR (consent; centralised login profile)
2.2.2. Social Login
Purpose/Information:To register and log in to your account, you also have the option of authenticating yourself with your existing profile on one of the following social networks, Facebook, X, Apple or Google, and finally registering or logging in.
For this purpose, you will find on the registration page or login page the corresponding symbols of the respective social networks supported by our website. Before a connection to the social networks is established, you must expressly agree to the process and transmission of data described below:
By clicking on the respective symbol, a new pop-up window opens, in which you must log in with your login data for the social network. After you have successfully logged in, the social network provider will inform you, which data will be transmitted to us for authentication as part of the registration or login process. If you have agreed to this data transfer, the fields required by us for registration will be filled with the transmitted data. The information we require for registration or login is your email address.
Only after your express consent to the use of the transmitted and required data, your data will be stored by us and used for the purposes as stated within this Privacy Policy. There is no link beyond the authentication process between your account created with us and your account on the corresponding social network.
In order to perform the authentication process for registration and login, your IP address is transmitted to the respective social network provider. We have no influence on the purpose and scope of data collection and on the further processing of the data by the respective social network providers.
Controller:In case this feature is provided within the centralised login profile functionality: Responsible for this social login feature is Beiersdorf AG, Beiersdorfstr. 1-9, 20259 Hamburg, Germany.
Contact details of the dataprotection officer: Dataprotection[at]Beiersdorf.com or under the postal address of the controller for the attention of the “dataprotection officer”.For all other cases the controller is named under clause 1.2 above.
Recipients/Sources:
Mainserviceproviders:-Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland
-X Corp,1355 MarketSt, Suite900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA-Apple Inc., Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA-Google Ireland Ltd,Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Deletion:The deletion is in the responsibility of the main service providers.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) a UK GDPR (consent)
Purpose/Information:Users might have the possibility to submit ratings and reviews of products, processes or other evaluations within the scope of the website's offers in accordance with the conditions of use. We will therefore collect the data that you have provided to us when you submit content via a rating and review.
In the case this website demands a specific consent forsensitivedata we will also processsensitiveinformation (e.g. via pictures or content description) about your health or data revealing racial or ethnic origin especially within reviews for products suitable forskinconcerns.
It is our legitimate interest that users can give their free opinion about products and that those reviews can appear on third party websites or other media in a pseudonymised manner.
We use the data you provide in order to publish and maintain your review and rating on our website in accordance with our conditions of use. Your review will be published with your nickname/pseudonym. The reviews might be checked before publication, to ensure that they comply with our conditions of use. We reserve the right to delete comments if they are objected to as unlawful by third parties. More information can be found in our conditions of use.
We also use your provided data within our legitimate interest to ensure that your review is not based on fraudulent behaviour, automatic programs or bots. It is therefore possible that you will receive a verification email to validate your email address. You might receive emails in relation to your review (e.g. confirmation of approved/rejected review, comment to your review). You have at any time the option to unsubscribe via a link within these emails.
Recipients:
-Platform/hosting provider
-Consumer service provider
-Fraud prevention service provider (for publication on a third-party website).
-Third party websites
Deletion / Objection:The personal data of the users will be deleted or anonymised after the corresponding deletion request. The published reviews will usually remain visible under the published nickname/pseudonym unless you request a deletion separately.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) a UK GDPR in conjunction with Art. 9 (2) a UK GDPR (consent)Art. 6 (1) f UK GDPR (legitimate interest)
2.4. Cookies/Tools
This website uses cookies or other technologies/tools like pixels, local storage, tags, IDs or external services (hereinafter referred to as “Cookies/Tools”) and are used on when visiting and using our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser on your device to save certain information or image files, such as pixels. The next time you visit our website on the same device, the information saved in the cookies will subsequently be accessed on your device and transmitted either to our website (“First Party Cookie”) or to another website to which the cookie belongs (“Third Party Cookie”).
Through the information saved and returned, the respective website can recognise that you have already accessed and visited it with the browser you use on that device. We use this information to be able to design and display the website in an optimum way in line with your preferences. In that respect, only the cookie itself is identified on your device. Beyond this extent, your personal data will only be saved upon your express consent or if it is strictly necessary to be able to use the service offered to and accessed by you accordingly.
This website uses the following types of cookies/tools, the scope and functionality of which are explained below:
You can find more information on in the description of the tools implemented on our websites in this privacy policy. In case this website is using a consent management platform you can additionally find further information in there.
Please note that the tools listed in the following subsection might not be constantly in use.
2.4.1.Consentmanager CMP – Central cookie management platform
Purpose/Information:This website is using the consent management tool “Consentmanager” (www.consentmanager.net) to obtain consent for data processing and use of cookies or comparable functions. With the help of "consentmanager" you have the possibility to give your consent for certain functionalities of our website, e.g. for the purpose of integrating external elements, integrating streaming content, statistical analysis, measurement and personalised advertising. With the help of “Consentmanager” you can grant or reject your consent for all or individual purposes or functions. The settings you have made can also be changed afterwards. The purpose of integrating “consentmanager” is to let the users of our website decide about the above-mentioned functions and, as part of the further use of our website, to offer the option of changing settings that have already been made. By using “consentmanager”, personal data and information from your end device, such as the IP address, are processed.
By processing the data, consentmanager helps us to fulfil our legal obligations (e.g. obligation to provide evidence). Our interests in processing lie in the storage of user settings and preferences with regard to the use of cookies and other functionalities. "Consentmanager" stores your data as long as your user settings areactive.
The provision of your personal data is required for the performance of the contract or a situation similar to a contract. You are not obliged to provide your personal data. If your personal data is not provided, you cannot use the described service.
Recipients:Main service provider is Consentmanager AB, Håltegelvägen 1b, 72348 Västerås Sweden.
Deletion:
The data will be deleted after 13 months. The choice you have made (consent/setting) will be stored for one year and can be viewed within the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page. You can always delete your choice by deleting the cookies within your browser.
Legal basis:
Art. 6 (1) b UK GDPR (situation similar to a contract)Art. 6 (1) c UK GDPR (when processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation)
2.4.2.Beiersdorf Simplicity
Purpose/Information:This site uses an own hosted tool to analyse and regularly improve the usage of our website. It helps us to ensure that the website operates correctly especially by checking the functionalities of the website (e.g. to detect website navigation problems or to ensure enough server capacities). The statistics obtained also allow us to improve our website and make it more interesting for you as a user. Your IP-address will be automatically anonymised.
Cookies/Tools: Type A. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section2.4.
Recipients:Platform/hosting provider
Deletion/withdrawal:The collected personal data will be deleted after 1 day. Your IP-address will be anonymised immediately. You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (f) UK GDPR (legitimate interest ensuring the website operation and statistical usage)
2.4.3.Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Ireland Ltd. (“Google”). The configuration of Google Analytics has been modified by us to the measurement only function, unless separate consent for further advertising features has been given.
Google Analytics uses a specific form of cookie, which is stored on your computer and enables an analysis of your use of our website. The cookies set by Google Analytics for measurement are first party cookies, which means that data subjects’ cookie values will be different for each customer (i.e. there is not a single Google Analytics cookie ID that is used on all sites using Google Analytics). The information about your use of this website generated by the cookie is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google Analytics is only used with an IP-Anonymization. The IP addresses are anonymized by default by Google and additionally by us.
Google uses this information on our behalf to analyse your use of this website in order to compile reports on website activities and provide additional services related to website and internet use.
We use Google Analytics to analyse and regularly improve the usage of our website. We can use the statistics obtained to improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. In addition, we gain information about the functionality of our site (for example to detect navigation problems).
In the configuration of Google Analytics, we ensured that Google receives this data as a processor and is therefore not allowed to use this data for its own purposes. The "Google Analytics Advertising Features" configuration is independent from this and is described in the appropriate section below, provided it is also used on this website.
Cookies/Tools: Type B. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section2.4.
Main service provider: Google Ireland Ltd, Ireland.
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Deletion/Withdrawal:You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.
Cookie lifetime: up to 12 months (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
Maximum storage period of data: up to 26 months.
2.4.4.A/B Testing
Purpose/Information:This website also carries out analyses of user behaviour via a so-called A/B testing. We can show you our websites with slightly varied content, depending on your profile assignment. This enables us to analyse and regularly improve our services and make them more interesting for you as a user.
Cookies are stored on your computer for these analyses. The information collected in this way is stored exclusively on a server in the EU. You can prevent the storage of cookies by making the proper setting using your browser software.
Before the analyses are carried out, the IP addresses are further processed in abbreviated form, so that direct personal contact can be ruled out. The IP address transmitted by your browser is not merged with other data collected by us.
Main service providers: Varify Software GmbH, Germany / Peaks & Pies GmbH - Germany
Deletion/objection:
You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.
Cookie lifetime: up to 2 years (this applies only for cookies which have been set by this website).
Maximum storage period of data: up to 25 months.
2.4.5.Google Ads (formerly Google Adwords)
Google Ads Conversion
We use the services of Google Ads to draw attention to our attractiveoffers with the help of advertisements (so-called Google Ads) on external websites. We can determine in relation to the data of the advertising campaigns how successful the individual advertising measures are. We are interested in showing you advertisements that are of interest to you, to make our website more interesting for you and to achieve a fair calculation of advertising costs.
The advertisements are delivered by Google via so-called “Ad Servers”. For this purpose, we use ad server cookies, through which certain parameters for measuring success, such as the insertion of ads or clicks by users, can be measured. If you access our website via a Google ad, Google Ads stores a cookie on your device. For this cookie, the unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement (frequency), last impression (relevant for post-view conversions) and opt-out information (mark that the user no longer wishes to be addressed) are usually stored as analysis values.
These cookies enable Google to recognise your Internet browser. If a user visits certain pages of an Ads customer's website and the cookie stored on their device has not expired, Google and the customer can recognise that the user has clicked on the ad and has been redirected to this page. Each Ads customer is assigned a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be traced via the websites of Ads customers. We do not collect and process any personal data in the aforementioned advertising measures. We only receive statistical evaluations from Google. On the basis of these evaluations we can recognise which of the used advertising measures are particularly effective. We do not receive any further data from the use of advertising material; in particular, we cannot identify users on the basis of this information.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically starts a direct connection to the Google server. We have no influence on the extent and the further use of the data which are raised by the use of this tool by Google and inform you therefore according to our knowledge: By the integration of Ads conversion Google receives the information that you called the appropriate part of our internet appearance or clicked an announcement of us. If you are registered with a Google service, Google may associate your visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, it is possible that the providers may obtain and store your IP address.
Google Ads Remarketing
We use the remarketing function within the Google Ads service. The remarketing function allows us to present to users of our website advertisements based on their interests on websites within the Google advertising network (in Google search or on YouTube, so-called "Google ads" or on other websites). For this purpose, the interaction of users on our website is analysed, e.g. which offers the user was interested in, in order to be able to display targeted advertising to users even after visiting our website on other pages. To do this, Google stores cookies in the browsers of users who visit certain Google services or websites in the Google Display Network. This cookie is used to record the visits of these users. The number is used to uniquely identify a web browser on a particular device.
Cookies/Tools: Type C. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section2.4.
Recipients:Main service provider: Google Ireland Ltd, Ireland.
Deletion/withdrawal:You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.
Cookie lifetime: up to 180 days (this applies only for cookies which have been set by this website).
Legal basisArt. 6 (1) a UK GDPR (consent):
2.4.6.Google AnalyticsAdvertising Features
This website also uses the extended functions of Google Analytics (Google Analytics Advertising Features) in addition to the standard functions. The Google Analytics Advertising Features implemented on this website include:
We therefore use first-party cookies (e.g. Google Analytics cookies) and Google advertising cookies and identifiers together in order to optimise our website.
Cookies/Tools: Type C. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section2.4.Information about Google Consent Mode:Additionally, this website uses Google Consent Mode. Consent Mode sends statistical data via cookie-less pings about whether a user has clicked on an ad or link and has landed on our website (conversion). The statistical data is then used with a mathematical modelling to enhance the internal reporting. A ping contains by default technical information like the IP-address, platform type or screen resolution. As these data or the combination of it might theoretically be considered as personal data by Google Ireland Ltd, additional measures have been implemented to ensure that the ping data is not personal data: Certain information of the ping are being set to a default value by our server before sending it to Google analytics.Recipients/Source:Main service provider and source: Google Ireland Ltd., Ireland.
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Cookie lifetime: up to 12 months (this applies only for cookies which have been set by this website).
2.4.7.Google Campaign Manager
Purpose/Information:This website also uses the online marketing tool Campaign Manager by Google. Campaign Manager uses Cookies to display ads relevant to users, improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads more than once. Google uses a cookie ID to track which ads are displayed in which browser and to prevent them from being displayed more than once. In addition, Campaign Manager may use cookie IDs to collect so called conversions related to ad requests. This is the case, for example, when a user sees a Campaign Manager ad and later visits the advertiser's website with the same browser and buys something there.
Your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server once visiting our website. We have no influence on the extent and the further use of the data collected by Google through the use of this tool and therefore inform you according to our level of knowledge: By integrating Campaign Manager, Google receives the information that you have called the corresponding part of our Internet presence or clicked on an advertisement from us. If you are registered with a Google service, Google may associate your visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, it is possible that the providers may obtain and store your IP address.
In addition to that, Campaign Manager cookies (e.g. named as DoubleClick or Floodlight)  allow us to understand whether you complete certain actions on our website(s) after viewing one of our display/video ads on Google or other platforms through Campaign Manager or clicking through one (conversion tracking). Campaign Manager uses this cookie to understand the content with which you have interacted on our website(s) in order to be able to send you targeted advertising later.
Used Cookies: Type C. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section2.4.
Deletion/WithdrawalYou can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.
Cookie lifetime: up to 180 days after last interaction (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
2.4.8.Adform
This website uses the online marketing tool Adform by Adform A/S Denmark. Adform uses tracking on our website via cookies and similar tracking technologies based on IDs (short cookie). The Adform cookie is placed on our website as soon as you have given your consent. An Adform cookie will also be placed, if you view our advertisement placed on third-party websites via Adform and you have consented to cookies on that website.
The legal basis for the placement of Adform cookies is your consent. Personal data is collected for analytical purposes and for the purpose of optimizing and personalizing advertising campaigns for Adform’s customers, including us. The Adform cookie collects the following data from us or our advertising material: Cookie ID, device type / ID, time of clicking on the website or the advertising medium, the URL of the website or the advertising medium, information automatically sent by your device (including Language setting, IP address, demographic data) interest data, socio-demographic data associated with a cookie or other ID.
Recipients:Main service provider: Adform A/S, Denmark.
Joint Controllership:
We and Adform are joint controllers of the collection of personal data and their disclosure to Adform by means of the Adform cookie and as joint controllers. The agreement lays down, who is responsible for compliance with certain dataprotection duties and who is responsible for follow-up in relation to your dataprotection rights. Adform is responsible for responding to your queries and for your dataprotection rights (e.g. the duty to provide information, your right to object, etc). To exercise your rights, you can contact Adform at the followinglink. You can also contact us about this. You can withdraw your cookie consent at any time and without giving reasons, by contacting Adform or deactivate the tools as stated below.
When Adform processes the data for its own purposes, Adform is the only data controller and solely responsible for its optimizing of advertising campaigns and target groups. Adform will analyse the data collected via cookies and IDs to be able to deliver targeted advertising purchases on behalf of Adform’s customers (including us), as detailed in Adform’s Privacy Policy. Clickherefor additional information on Adform’s processing, including when Adform will delete your data.
Maximum storage period of data: up to 13 months.
2.4.9.(Website) Facebook Custom Audiences / Conversion (“Facebook Pixel”)
Purpose/Information:This website uses the so-called "Facebook Pixel" and the Conversions API of the social network "Facebook" by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (Meta) for the following purposes:
We use the Facebook pixel and the Conversions API for remarketing purposes to be able to contact you again within 180 days. This allows us to display interest-based advertisements ("Facebook Ads") to users of the website when they visit the social network "Facebook" or other websites also using this tool. In this way, we pursue the interest in displaying advertisements that are of interest to you in order to make our website or offers more interesting for you.
We also use the Facebook Pixel and the Conversions API to ensure that our Facebook Ads match the potential interest of users and are not annoying. With the help of the Facebook Pixel, we can track the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Facebook ad (so-called "conversion").
Due to the marketing tools used (Facebook Pixel and Conversions API), your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with the Facebook server as soon as you have agreed to the use of cookies requiring your consent. Through the integration of the Facebook pixel and the usage of the Conversions API, Facebook receives the information that you have called up the corresponding website of our internet presence or clicked on an advertisement from us. If you are registered with a Facebook service, Facebook can assign the visit to your account.
The processing of this data by Facebook takes place within the framework of Facebook'sdata policy. Special information and details about the Facebook pixel, the Conversions API and its functionality can also be found in the Facebookhelp area.
Recipients:Joint Controller:
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (Meta) for the collection and transfer of data in this process. This applies to the following purposes:
The following processes are therefore not covered by joint controllership:
We have concluded a corresponding agreement with Meta for joint controllership, which can be accessed here:https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum. This agreement defines the respective responsibilities for fulfilling the obligation under the UK GDPR with regard to joint controllership.
The contact details of the Controller and the dataprotection officer of Meta can be found here:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy.
We have agreed with Meta that Meta can be used as a contact point for the exercise of data subject rights (see Section1.3). Without prejudice to this, the jurisdiction of the Rights of Data Subjects is not limited.
Further information on how Meta processes personal data, including its legal basis and further information on the rights of data subjects can be found here:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy. We transfer the data within the scope of joint controllership based on the legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f UK GDPR.
Information on the data security conditions can be found here.https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/data_security_termsand on processing on the basis of standard contractual clauses can be found here:https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum.
Deletion/withdrawal:and for logged in users at You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settingsherehttps://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#.
2.4.10.Commerce Connector
Purpose/Information:On our website, we provide you with a list of different online retailers, where you can buy our products. If you click on a link to one of the retailers, you will be forwarded to the product detail webpage of the selected retailer and our partner - Commerce Connector GmbH, - will generate a pseudonymised ID using your user agent and IP address. If you make a purchase at the selected retailer within 30 days, Commerce Connector gets a general information about your purchase once you have finalised the purchase and reached the order confirmation page.
Commerce Connector provides us with anonymous statistics.
Main service provider: Commerce Connector GmbH, Germany.
Pseudonymous tracking for 30 days.
2.4.11. Where to buy (Swaven/MikMak)
Purpose/Information:On our website, we provide you with a list of different online retailers, where you can buy our products (e.g. with a shopping cart symbol). For abetteruser experience and to show local stores, we use the geolocation of the visitor to personalise the service. We operate at city scale geolocation by partially analysing the anonymised IP address. A more precise geolocation can be used when the user has validated the function within the browser. The geolocation is used only during the session.
This tool uses features especially to ensure the security from external attacks via session cookies. It also gives analytical information and aggregated buying data to analyse the efficiency of the tool which is also our legitimate interest. A cross-website tracking does not occur, so we do not get the information if you have bought something in the selected store.
Recipients:Swaven SAS, Paris, France.
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2. Further recipients can be found in the general recipients section1.4.
Deletion:The IP address for the geolocation is automatically anonymised.Cookie lifetime: Session (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
2.4.12.Pinterest Pixel
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with the Pinterest server as soon as you have agreed to the use of cookies requiring consent. Through the integration of the Pinterest pixel, Pinterest receives the information that you have called up the corresponding web page of our website or clicked on an ad of ours. If you are registered with Pinterest, Pinterest can assign the visit to your account.
In addition to the IP address and the marketing identifier, Pinterest also receives information about the end device used, the website visited and the time and can assign this data to your Pinterest account. Pinterest processes this data on its own responsibility. We have no influence on the data collection and further processing by Pinterest.
Main service provider: Pinterest Europe Limited, Ireland.
Cookie lifetime: up to 13 months after the last interaction (this only applies to cookies set via this website).
2.4.13.Floodlightactivities/ DV360
Purpose/Information:This website uses DV360's Floodlight Tag to measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, to limit the frequency with which you are shown a particular ad, and to display only ads that are relevant to you and your interests. In particular, information about the ads you click on, as well as your previous user behaviour on third party websites, is collected and stored. Google uses a cookie ID to record which ads are displayed in which browser and can thus prevent them from being displayed more than once. In addition, Google can use cookie IDs to record so-called conversions that are related to ad requests. This is the case, for example, when a user sees a Google ad and later calls up our website with the same browser and buys something there. The cookies do not contain any personal information such as email addresses, names or addresses.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Google's server. Through the integration of the floodlight tag, Google receives the information that you have called up the corresponding part of our website or clicked on an advertisement from us.
In addition, the Floodlight Tags used allow us to understand whether you perform certain actions on our website after you have called up one of our display/video ads on another platform or clicked on it (conversion tracking). Google uses this cookie to understand the content you have interacted with on our websites in order to later send you targeted advertising.
2.4.14.Social Plug-ins
Social plug-ins (“plug-ins”) of social networks (Facebook, X, Pinterest) are used on our websites, in particular the “Share” or “Share with friends” button of Facebook, whose website facebook.com is operated by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. The plug-ins are usually marked with a Facebook logo.
Besides Facebook, we use plug-ins from X (Provider: X Corp, 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103) and Pinterest (Provider: Pinterest Europe Limited, 2nd Floor, Palmerston House, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland).
For dataprotection reasons, we have deliberately decided against utilising direct plug-ins of social networks on our websites. Instead, we use the “Shariff” solution. With the aid of Shariff, we can determine for ourselves when and whether data is transmitted to the operator of the respective social network. For this reason, there is no automatic data transmission to social networks such as Facebook, X or Pinterest once you access our website. Data will be transmitted to social networks only if youactively click on the respective social network button. In this case, your web browser starts a connection to the respective social network's servers. By clicking on the respective button (e.g. “Pass on”, “Share” or “Share with friends”) you agree that your browser will produce a link to the respective social network's servers and transmit usage data to the respective operator of the social network and vice versa. We have no influence upon the nature and extent of the data that is then gathered by the social networks.
The social network providers store the data collected about you as user profiles and use these for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such an evaluation takes place in particular (also for not logged in users) for the representation of demand-fair advertisement and in order to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right of objection to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact the respective plug-in providers to exercise this right. Through the plug-ins we offer you the possibility to interact with social networks and other users, so that we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user.
RecipientsMain service providers:
-Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Ireland
-X Crop, USA
-Pinterest Inc., USA.
Transfers to third countries are possible.  As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) a  UKGDPR (consent)
2.4.15.YouTube-Videos
Purpose/Information:We have integrated YouTube videos into our website, which are stored onhttp://www.YouTube.comand can be played directly from our website. These are all integrated in the "extended dataprotection mode", i.e. no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube, if you do not click on the videos to start playing them. Only when you play the videos the data referred to in the next paragraph will be transferred to YouTube. We have no influence on this data transfer.
By playing the videos YouTube receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website and might place further tools for marketing purposes. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account.
Recipients:Main service provider: Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Deletion/withdrawal:The deletion is in the responsibility of the main service providers.
This website uses the Google Tag Manager. This service allows website tags to be managed through an interface. The Google Tag Manager only implements tags. This means that no cookies are used and no personal data are stored. The Google Tag Manager triggers other tags, which in turn collect data if necessary. However, the Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at domain or cookie level, it remains valid for all tracking tags if they are implemented with the Google Tag Manager.
Cookie/Tools: Type A. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section
Deletion:The Google Tag Manager does not store any personal data.
2.4.17.Google Maps
Purpose/Information:This website uses the service Google Maps to display map material and/or show directions (e.g. in our pharmacy finder). When you use the service, information about your use of this website and your IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA. This takes place regardless of whether you have a Google account through which you are logged in or whether no user account exists. Google might also place further tools for marketing purposes. If you are logged in with Google account, your data will be linked directly to your account.
Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by Google can be found athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Cookie/Tools: Type C. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section
Main service provider: Google LLC, USA.
Deletion/withdrawal:The deletion is in the responsibility of the main service providers. You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.
2.4.18.User generated social media content (via squarelovin)
Purpose/Information:This website provides the feature to show content provided from social media users after their approval. The content you see within the tool is based on functional cookies (e.g. language, last stream loaded and seen) and is for your convenience. We also use the data for analytics and statistics. Further information can be found on:https://squarelovin.com/privacy
Recipients:Main service provider: Anchor Media GmbH, Germany. Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Deletion:You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings.The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.
2.4.19.Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order tobetterunderstand our users' needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps usbetterunderstand our users' experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behaviour and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Recordings from Hotjar cannot record your personal data such as account log ins or payment details as text is suppressed.
Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. It used cookies to recreate a session and Hotjar is contractually prohibited from selling the data collected on our behalf.
Cookie/Tools: Type B. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section
Main service provider: Hotjar Ltd, Malta
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR were concluded. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Deletion/ Withdrawal:We temporarily store IP addresses of visitors to our Website for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well our Software performs on Our Site) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.
Recordings from Hotjar are deleted after each session.
Cookie lifetime: up to 365 days after last interaction (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
2.4.20.Friendly Captcha
Further information:https://friendlycaptcha.com/legal/privacy-end-users/
Main service provider: Friendly Captcha GmbH, Germany.Further recipients can be found in the general recipients section1.4.
Deletion/withdrawal:
The IP-address will be immediately after collection anonymised.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) c UK GDPR (when processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation)Art. 6 (1) f UK GDPR (when processing according to the legitimate interest described above)
2.4.21.Contentsquare
This website uses Contentsquare, a cookie based web analysis service of Contentsquare GmbH (“Contentsquare”). Contentsquare processes user IP-addresses for geolocation (city level),blacklisting unwanted visitors and troubleshooting. We use Contentsquare to analyse and regularly improve the usage of our website. We can use the statistics obtained to improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. In addition, we gain information about the functionality of our site (for example to detect navigation problems).
Cookie/Tools: Type B. More information can be found in the “Cookies/Tools” section.
Main service provider: Contentsquare GmbH, Germany. General overview on Contentsquare security and privacy principles: https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. UK 46 GDPR were concluded which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Maximum storage period of IP address: 3 days.
Cookie lifetime: up to 13 months after last interaction (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
Art. 6 (1) a UK GDPR (consent)
2.4.22. LinkedInInsight Tag
2.4.23.TiktokPixel
Purpose/Information:This website uses the so-called "TikTok Pixel" of the social network „TikTok“ (for EU: TikTok Technology Limited, Ireland and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, United Kingdom). This enables users of our website to be contacted again when visiting the social network "TikTok".
Through the TikTok pixel, your browser establishes a direct connection to the TikTok servers as soon as you have agreed to the use of cookies requiring consent. The pixel receives the information that you have accessed a particular page of our website or clicked on one of our ads.
TikTok then uses this data to display targeted and personalised advertising to its users and to create interest-based user profiles. The data collected from users is anonymous to us and is only used to measure the effectiveness of the ads.
TikTok also receives your IP address and other information about the user's device, such as the marketing identifier, device used, website visited and time. TikTok uses this data to identify users of our website and to link their actions to a "TikTok" user account. TikTok processes this data under its own responsibility from the moment of transmission. We have no influence on the further processing by TikTok.
Information on how TikTok collects, uses andprotects the information collected with the TikTok pixel can be found in detail in the privacy policy for TikTok users: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/privacy-policy/en.
Recipients:Joint Controller:We are jointly responsible with TikTok Technology Limited, Ireland and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, United Kingdom (TikTok) for the collection and transfer of data as part of this process. This applies for the following purposes:
•	Measurement and Insight Reporting•	Collection and transmission of Developer Data and/or Event Data
The following processing operations are therefore not covered by the joint processing:•	Determining and improving the relevance of ads to individuals.•	Optimisation of ad delivery by TikTok.•	Improving user safety, research, development to maintain and improve the integrity of TikTok's products and services
We have concluded a corresponding agreement with Meta for joint controllership, which can be accessed here: https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/jurisdiction-specific-terms.This agreement defines the respective responsibilities for fulfilling the obligation under the UK GDPR with regard to joint controllership.
The contact details of the Controller and the dataprotection officer of Meta can be found here: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/privacy-policy/en
We have agreed with TikTok that TikTok can be used as a contact point for the exercise of data subject rights. Without prejudice to this, the jurisdiction of the Rights of Data Subjects is not limited.
We transfer the data within the scope of joint controllership based on the legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f UK GDPR.
Deletion/withdrawal:You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.Cookie lifetime: up to 13 months after last interaction (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
2.4.24Awin Performance Advertising Network
We participate in the performance advertising network of "AWIN". AWIN places cookies on your device in order to be able to assign the visit of our website to a specific source (so-called affiliate links). By placing these cookies, the success of an advertising campaign can be measured and the corresponding billing can be carried out within the framework of a network. In other words, information is placed in a cookie about when a particular advertising medium was clicked by a device. AWIN also collects information about the device of the user, e.g. the operating system and the browser used.
Main service provider:  AWIN AG, Berlin, Germany
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under 1.2.
Further recipients can be found in the general recipients section1.4
Cookie lifetime: up to 5 days after last interaction (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
2.4.25 The Trade Desk
This website uses the online marketing tool The Trade Desk / TradeDesk ("TTD"). TTD uses cookies to serve ads that are relevant to users, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads multiple times.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with TTD's server. Through the integration of the TTD cookie, TTD receives the information that you have accessed the relevant part of our website or clicked on an advertisement from us.
In addition, the TTD cookies used enable us to understand whether you perform certain actions on our website after you have accessed or clicked on one of our display/video ads on another platform via TTD (conversion tracking). TTD uses this cookie to understand the content you have interacted with on our websites in order to be able to send you targeted advertising later.
Cookie/Tools: Type C. More information can be found in the“Cookies/Tools” section.
Recipients:Main service provider: The UK Trade Desk Ltd. United Kingdom
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR were concluded. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2.
Further recipients can be found in thegeneral recipients section 1.4.
Deletion/withdrawal:You can deactivate this tool via the Cookie Settings. The Cookie Settings are located on the bottom of the main page.Cookie lifetime: up to 12 months after last interaction (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) a GDPR (consent)
2.4.26. Universal Event Tracking Website Tag (Microsoft Advertising / Bing Ads)
Information/purpose:
Data is collected and stored on our website using Bing Ads technologies, from which user profiles are created using pseudonyms. This service enables us to track the activities of users on our website if they have reached our website via adverts from Bing Ads. If you reach our website via such an advert, a cookie is placed on your computer. A Bing UET tag is integrated on our website. This is a code that is used to store data about the use of the website. This includes, among other things, the time spent on the website, which areas of the website were accessed and which ad the user used to access the website. Information about your identity is not recorded.In addition, Microsoft may be able to track your usage behaviour across several of your electronic devices through so-called cross-device tracking and is therefore able to display personalised advertising on or in Microsoft websites and apps. You can deactivate this behaviour at http://choice.microsoft.com/de-de/opt-out.You can find more information about Bing's analytics services on the Bing Ads website (https://help.ads.microsoft.com/#apex/3/en-gb/53056/2). You can find more information on dataprotection at Microsoft and Bing in Microsoft's privacy policy (https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacy/privacystatement). Microsoft uses this cookie to understand the content you have interacted with on our websites in order to be able to send you targeted advertising at a later dateRecipients:We pass on the data collected for processing to the respective internal departments as well as to other affiliated companies within the Beiersdorf Group or to external service providers, contract processors (e.g. hosting, support, analysis service providers) in accordance with the required purposes (to carry out the desired ad campaign). The main service provider is Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Ireland. Platform/hosting service providers receive access to personal data from a third country (countries outside the European Economic Area). So-called standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR have been concluded with these service providers as suitable guarantees. For further information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact the contact details listed under 1.2.Deletion/revocation:You can deactivate the tool via the cookie settings here.Lifetime of cookies: up to 180 days after the last interaction (this only applies to cookies set via this website)
2.4.27. The Trade Desk
This website uses the online marketing tool The Trade Desk / TradeDesk ("TTD"). TTD uses cookies to serve ads that are relevant to users, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads multiple times.Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with TTD's server. Through the integration of the TTD cookie, TTD receives the information that you have accessed the relevant part of our website or clicked on an advertisement from us.In addition, the TTD cookies used enable us to understand whether you perform certain actions on our website after you have accessed or clicked on one of our display/video ads on another platform via TTD (conversion tracking). TTD uses this cookie to understand the content you have interacted with on our websites in order to be able to send you targeted advertising later.
Deletion/withdrawal: :
3. Further services offered (on- and offline)
In addition to the online use of our website, we offer various other services, for which we process your personal data also in an offline context.
Contrary to1.2, in some cases a Beiersdorf Company is Controller for the services offered below, which has already been named to you as part of the communication. If reference is therefore made to sections of this privacy policy, e.g. by link, and a Controller has already been named, e.g. in the footer/signature of an email or campaign card, this person is the Controller in accordance with. Art. 4 No. 7 UK GDPR.
3.1.Contacting/Communication/Collaboration
Purpose / Information:
When communicating and/or collaboration with us, e.g. by email or via contact form on our website or a data exchange platform, the data you provide (your email address, if applicable your name and your telephone number, or personal data submitted during the conversation) will be stored and processed by us in order to e.g. answer your questions, requests or for the purpose of business related correspondence.
We may ask you when you contact us by telephone whether the telephone call may be recorded for quality assurance and training measures. If you agree to the recording, we will process all information that you share with us during the call (communication content, possibly alsosensitive(health) data, as well as your phone number and other personal data).
When processing data arising in the course of communication, we have a legitimate interest in processing the data in accordance with legal requirements, for internal verification or in accordance with the respective communication request.
Business partner only:
With regard to the cooperation with our suppliers, we have implemented an internal evaluation process which, in our legitimate interest, is intended to improve the business relationship by developing an "action plan". As a rule, we only process information about the company, but conclusions can be drawn about you as the contact person, if the communication with suppliers is examined with regard to response times, reliability and transparency.
Specific processing purposes are listed in the “Recipients and sources” section below based on the third parties used in the process.
Recipients and sources:
We transfer the data to the following recipients:
-              Customer/Consumer service providers
-              Platform/hosting provider
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. Additionally binding corporate rules were approved at a platform/hosting provider. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under 1.2.
In order to combat terrorism, we are obliged by law to carry out a comparison with sanctions lists. Therefore, we also process your data to meet legal requirements for comparison with these lists. Furthermore, we process your data in the Beiersdorf Group for the prevention and investigation of criminal offences and other misconduct, the assessment and control of risks, for internal communication and for corresponding administrative purposes. If an affiliated company reports a need to work with you as a supplier, we will share our experiences from working with you with the affiliated company.
We will compare your data against published lists of misleading suppliers (e.g. warning lists of World Intellectual Property Organization and Bundesanzeiger Verlag GmbH) to make an informed decision about potential payments. We also regularly check your creditworthiness in certain cases (e.g. when concluding contracts). Our legitimate interest is the minimization of the financial risk. We cooperate with credit agencies (e.g. Dun & Bradstreet Deutschland GmbH (“D&B”), Germany) from which we receive the necessary data. For this purpose, we transmit your name and contact details or the D&B D-U-N-S® number assigned to your company to the credit agencies. In our legitimate interest in faster data entry, D&B provides us with addresses of our business partners. EcoVadis SAS, France provides us with a sustainability risk assessment to meet legal requirements and in our legitimate interest. Depending on the result, a longer sustainability assessment may result.
In addition, as part of our anti-corruption review, we check the ranking of the country of domicile in the Corruption Perceptions Index of Transparency International e.V., Alt-Moabit 96, 10559 Berlin, Germany. Depending on the result, there may be a longer anti-corruption check, in which we may process your data in order to check whether a cooperation could be associated with corruption risks for us in our legitimate interest in minimizing risk.
It may be necessary to transfer your personal data to prospective buyers as part of a company transaction. In the course of due diligence, usually anonymised data is processed. However, it may be necessary in specific individual cases to process personal data. Our legitimate interest lies in the execution of the company transaction.
Deletion /Objection:
We delete the data arising in this context once storage is no longer necessary, unless statutory retention obligations exist or periods of limitation must be observed.
In case of consumer inquiries through our internal consumer management tool the personal data will be usually deleted after one year, if no other legal retention periods apply. As an exception, the data will be kept longer if the data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Call recordings are stored for a maximum of 90 days.
Art. 6 (1) a UK GDPR in conjunction with Art. 9 (2) a UK GDPR (consent: telephone recording)
Art. 6 (1) b UK GDPR in conjunction with Art. 9 (2) f UK GDPR (when processing in the context of a contract or a situation similar to a contract)
Art. 6 (1) c UK GDPR (when processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation)
The newsletter contains news, offers and further information on the selected Beiersdorf brands. By subscribing to the newsletter, you will receive in accordance with the consent you have given in each case personalised information about the products, services or suggestions for participation in promotions, such as competitions or product tests by email.
With your registration for the newsletter you will receive a newsletter tailored to your needs (if the newsletter is "personalised", "individualised" or "customised"). We evaluate your purchase and click behaviour on our websites or within the newsletter in order to compile the information relevant to you.
In case this website offers a loyalty program, this newsletter is part of the loyalty program.
Recipients:-Platform/hosting provider
-External agencies for newsletter support
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.1.2. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under.1.2
Deletion / Withdrawal:These collected data are automatically deleted after 24 months at the latest if they no longer respond to the newsletter, e.g. open (inactivity). If you no longer wish to receive the newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time. Click on the link contained in each newsletter, you will then be guided through the unsubscribe process, or send us your withdrawal by email.
If your profile has not been verified during the so-called double opt-in process, your profile will be deleted after 6 months at the latest.
3.3. Campaigns (e.g. Sweepstakes, Product Tests)
Purpose/Information:When you participate in sweepstakes or similar campaigns, we use the personal information you provide to conduct the campaign. Further information on the purposes can be found in the respective terms and conditions of the campaign.
-Shipping service provider (e.g. for sending samples, prises)
-External agencies for support in campaigns
-Payment provider (e.g.cashback)
Deletion:Your data will be deleted after the final processing of the campaign (see terms and conditions of participation), unless this conflicts with statutory retention obligations or statutes of limitations.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) b UK GDPR (situation similar to a contract)
3.4.Loyalty Program
Purpose/Information:The purpose of this program is a personalised experience for you as a member. When you register to our loyalty program (online or offline), you will receive exclusive and personalised content, like the newsletter, product samples or special offers, e.g. by email, post, SMS or onlineadvertisingon our own or third-party channels, such as social media (e.g. Facebook). For this purpose we use the contact information you provide (e.g. email address, postal address, telephone number) and any contact information linked to your social media profiles. This contact information will be matched in hashed form with the social media providers.
To provide you with a relevant individualised experience - i.e. at the right time, through the right channel, with the content relevant to you and with the right, personalised message - we link your data and enrich it with additional information, e.g. geodata and profile data from all contact points, including websites and social media channels.
For this purpose, we also evaluate your (previous) click, email opening, purchasing and surfing behaviour on our and other websites/apps, social media sites (e.g. in the context of ads placed) or within the newsletter in order to arrange the content relevant to you. This also includes the data from the eShop, if this website provides an eShop. We can also derive your activity status from this and automatically delete your account in case of inactivity (see below). In addition, we use this data to contact you individually, taking into account purchase transactions that have already been initiated or completed. We therefore create a user profile for the compilation of personalised content.
In addition,sensitivedata such as health data (allergies orskindiseases) may be collected. However, we only process these if you have agreed to this.
Finally, we also use your information to analyse and improve the effectiveness of our services. Your details will therefore be stored and used for market analysis and product information purposes. This also includes information you provide in the context of campaigns/actions.
-Shipping service provider (e.g. for sending samples)
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.1.2. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. Additionally binding corporate rules were approved at a platform/hosting provider. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2
Deletion/withdrawal/objection:Your data will be deleted as soon as you have deleted your account/profile, unless this conflicts with legal storage obligations or statutes of limitations In order to delete your data, please log into your account and use the corresponding deletion function or send us your withdrawal of data processing by email. You can also object to individual contact methods in your account/profile by deactivating the contact method. Alternatively, you can also request this via the contact form. We automatically delete your personal data at the latest after 24 months of inactivity.
Legal basis:Art. 6 (1) f) UK GDPR (legitimate interest: analysis and improvement of the effectiveness of our services and combination of the profile with data in our legitimate interest).
Art. 6 (1) a, Art. 9 (2) a UK GDPR (consent loyalty program)
3.5.Postal mailings
Purpose/Information:As a selected customer, business partner, test person and/or consumer, you will also receive individual product information, offers, news, greetings and product samples from us by post (letter).
This is a special form of direct marketing, which is also our legitimate interest and intensifies loyalty by providing the above-mentioned persons exclusive information.
-Communication service provider
-Shipping service provider
Transfers to third countries are possible. As an appropriate safeguard standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 UK GDPR were concluded, which may include the UK’s Addendum to the standard contractual clauses or the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.1.2. For third countries/companies which fall under an adequacy decision, the adequacy decision also applies. Additionally binding corporate rules were approved at a platform/hosting provider. For more information (such as a copy of the guarantees), you can contact us asmentioned under1.2
Deletion / Objection:.
Your data will be deleted as soon as you have unsubscribed, unless this conflicts with legal storage obligations or statutes of limitations. You can unsubscribe or object to further postal mailings as stated within the letter or in the section objectionbelow. For consumer only: We further delete your personal data at the latest automatically after 24 months inactivity (e.g. when you do not use the sent coupons).
Purpose/Information:When you participate in surveys or similar campaigns, we process the personal information for the purpose described in the consent. The collected data covers questions around the intended purpose of the survey or similar campaign, as well as additional socio-demographic information about you. You may participate without identifying yourself, unless this has been part of the consent.
For some surveys it is necessary to ensure technically that no double participation or resumption of the survey is possible. This can be done, for example, through the use of individualised links or cookies.
Recipients:-Platform/hosting providers
-Consumer management service provider
-External agencies for survey support
Deletion:Your data will be deleted after the final processing of the survey or similar campaign (see terms and conditions of participation), unless this conflicts with statutory retention obligations or statutes of limitations. Usually, data will be deleted after two years.
Cookie lifetime: up to 180 days (this applies only to cookies which have been set by this website)
If you havegiven your consent (Art. 6 (1) a UK GDPR) to the processing of your data, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Such a withdrawal influences the permissibility of processing your personal data after you have given it to us.
If we base the processing of your personal data on the weighing of interests (Art. 6 (1) f UK GDPR), you may object to the processing. This is the case if processing is not necessary in particular to fulfil a contract with you, which is described by us in the description of the functions / services. When exercising such objection, we ask you to explain the reasons why we should not process your personal data as we have done. In the event of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and either stop or adjust data processing or point out to you our compelling reasons worthy ofprotection, on the basis of which we will continue processing.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for purposes of advertising and data analysis at any time. You can inform us about your objection under the above-mentioned contact details for the controller.
Q: Why is theNIVEA.co.uk shop closing?
A: We are closing theNIVEA.co.uk shop to improve focus on providing abetterexperience to all our customers via our retail partners. We believe that focusing our online resources will help usbetterserve you, our customers, and ensure that information is quickly and easily available.
Q: Will I still be able to buyNIVEAproducts online?
A: Yes, you can still purchaseNIVEAproducts online through our partners and instore at your favourite retailers. We will continue to work with our partners to ensure that our products are widely available and easy to purchase.
Q: Will you be launching a new website for online purchases in the future?
A: We cannot provide a definitive answer now. We continually evaluate our business strategies and customer needs, so it's possible that we re-visit this in the future. Stay updated by subscribing to our newsletter or following our social media channels.
Q: Can I still access my previous order history or account information?
A: Yes, you can still be able to access your order history and account information via your MYNIVEAaccount. However, please note that you won't be able to make new purchases or manage your shopping cart through the website.
Q: How can I request a refund or return for a previous purchase?
A: Our refund and return policies remain unchanged. Please contact our customer support team directly to initiate a refund or return process and they will guide you through the necessary steps..
Q: Will you provide support for products/services that I have purchased in the past?
A: Yes, we will continue to provide customer support for products you have purchased previously. You can reach out to our customer support team via the contact details below for any assistance or inquiries.
Q: Can I still access product information and details on the website?
A: Absolutely! While the website won’t offer the option to purchase directly, you can still browse and access information about our products, including features, specifications, stockists, and other relevant details.
Q: WillNIVEAcontinue to provideskincareadvice and tips?
A: Yes, we will continue to provideskincareadvice and tips through our social media channels, website, and other online resources.
Q: How can I stay up to date withNIVEAnews and updates?
A: You can follow us on our social media channels, such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and Instagram, to stay up to date with our latest news and updates. We will also continue operate our email newsletters and other online resources.
Q. I  have a question about aNIVEAproduct?
If you have a question about any of our products, contact ourNIVEAConsumer Interaction Team:Consumer.Relations.UK@Beiersdorf.com
WWW.NIVEA.CO.UK(THE "WEBSITE") IS OPERATED BY BEIERSDORF UK LTD ("BEIERSDORF", "OUR", "US", "WE"). BEIERSDORF IS REGISTERED IN ENGLAND AND WALES UNDER COMPANY NUMBER 00468710 AND HAS ITS REGISTERED OFFICE AT: BEIERSDORF UK LTD., TRINITY CENTRAL, TRINITY PARK, BICKENHILL LANE, BIRMINGHAM, B37 7ES, UNITED KINGDOM.
TO CONTACT BEIERSDORF, PLEASECONTACT US
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE CONDITIONS OF USE AND THAT YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THEM.IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MUST NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.BEIERSDORF RECOMMENDS THAT YOU PRINT A COPY OF THESE CONDITIONS OF USE FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.
Materials such as pictures, photos, graphics, logos, videos, films, audio files and text (the “material”) are used on the website. Beiersdorf is the owner or is permitted to use all intellectual property rights in the material published on it. Those works areprotected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. Any use of the material beyondpurely private purposes shall require Beiersdorf’s prior written consent. The same shall apply to any alteration of the material, in particular translation or any other form of processing, and to any passing on of the material.
If material is explicitly provided for download on the website (for example in the Media Centre), the special terms and conditions of use detailed there shall apply.
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
If you are a business user:
Please note that this website is intended for domestic and private use by consumers only. You agree not to use this website for any commercial or business purposes.  Beiersdorf excludes all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to this website or any content on it.
Beiersdorf will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
In particular, Beiersdorf will not be liable for:
If you are a consumer user:
The following content guidelines govern your conduct associated with the Customer Ratings and Reviews and/or Questions and Answers service offered by Beiersdorf .
By submitting any content to the website, you agree that:
You further agree that you may not submit any content:
You agree to compensate us in full for all claims , damages and expenses that are foreseeable including reasonable lawyers' fees, arising out of your breach of  the above terms set out in this section, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party. Damages are foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the agreement was entered into, both parties knew it might happen.
For any content that you submit, you grant us permission  to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create additional works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you. This permission is an ongoing permission that you cannot revoke or charge us money for and we are free to transfer that right to third parties.
All content that you submit may be used at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to change, condense, withhold publication, remove or delete any content on the website that we deem, in our sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines at paragraph13 aboveor any other provision of these Conditions of Use. We do not guarantee that you will have any recourse through us to edit or delete any content you have submitted except in accordance with thePrivacy Policy. Ratings and written comments are generally posted within two to four business days. However, we reserve the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission to the extent authorised by law. You acknowledge that you, not Beiersdorf, are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part, or our agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third-party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
We do not store terrorist content.
Beiersdorf reserves the right to block your access to the login area if you violate these Conditions of Use and/or any applicable laws. In which case, the use of the login area is no longer permitted and any further use is therefore unauthorised.
Each of the clauses of these Conditions of Use operate separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining clauses will remain in full force and effect. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these Conditions of Use, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaching these terms, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
If you wish to notify us of any infringements of rights on our website, please do not hesitate to contact us at Beiersdorf UK, Trinity Central, Trinity Park, Bickenhill Lane, Birmingham, United Kingdom, Tel: +44 (0)121 329 8800.Contact Us.
If you are a consumer, please note that these Conditions of Use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
MODERN SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT 2024
INTRODUCTION
At Beiersdorf UK Ltd. (“Beiersdorf UK”) we want to play anactiverole in making positive contributions to our society. Beiersdorf UK acknowledges that, as being part of a global corporate organisation, it has a responsibility to address and seek to eliminate the risk of slavery and human trafficking in its operations. This reflects the company's commitment to human rights, in accordance with the principles outlined in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015.
In this statement, we set out Beiersdorf UK’s commitment to taking steps to identify and eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its business and from its supply chains. We do not tolerate slavery and human trafficking within the supply chain or within any part of our business.
As required by the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015, this statement reports on the steps Beiersdorf UK and the Beiersdorf group have taken in this regard during the financial year ended 31 December 2024.
STRUCTURE AND SUPPLY CHAINS
Beiersdorf UK, based in Birmingham, is a part of the Beiersdorf group, a global leader in the consumergoods industry. Beiersdorf UK’s principal activity is sales, marketingand distribution of products for thecareandprotection ofskinmarketed under major brands such asNIVEA, Eucerin and Elastoplast. An overview of where Beiersdorf UK fits within the global business, as well as details of the company’score valuesandproduct brandsappears in the onlinecompany profile. Information about the parent company Beiersdorf AG can be found on itshomepage.
Beiersdorf UK is integrated into a supply chain whose processes take place predominantly within Europe. Only a handful of suppliers who directly supply Beiersdorf UK are located outside of Europe. More precisely, in 2024, Beiersdorf UK sourced 85% of the volumes of finishedgoods from Beiersdorf owned factories and 15% from third-party manufacturers or third-party co-packers. 56% of these volumes were sourced from Germany, 18% from Spain, 15% from Poland, 4% from Italy, 3% from The Netherlands and the remaining 4% from the rest of the world.
Regardinggoods and services not directly related to the production of products, 92% of spend was with suppliers located in the UK, 5% with those based in Europe and 3% with suppliers outside of Europe. 70% of spend (41% of suppliers) were covered by the Corporate Procurement (Global and Regional) function and 30% of spend (59% of suppliers) by the Local organisation.
POLICIES IN RELATION TO SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING
Policy for Employees
All Beiersdorf UK employees (200+) are provided with aCode of Conductfor Employees. The latest version of this Code of Conduct was officially introduced by the Board of Directors to all employees and managers in 2023. In addition, everyone is trained on this policy through e-learning.
The Code of Conduct is designed to help employees to understand the company’s principles and to act in accordance with them. Diversity and equal opportunities are an essential part of the Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct also clearly states that Beiersdorf does not support or tolerate slave labour, child labour or human trafficking. Beiersdorf also stands for fair working conditions and promotes physical andmental health and safety at work.
Beiersdorf as a global company has an establishedDeclaration of Principles on Upholding Human Rights, which sets out our commitment toprotecting the rights of all individuals across the value chain. This declaration applies to all our affiliates, including Beiersdorf UK, and covers both our employees and business partners. It serves as a framework of all the steps Beiersdorf takes in preventing human rights violations and is regularly reviewed by Beiersdorf’s Corporate Sustainability Department to ensure it remains aligned with international standards. Beiersdorf’s Vice President of Corporate Sustainability has ownership for the content within the declaration as well as our processes to safeguard human rights.
Policy for Suppliers
Beiersdorf UK introduced an updatedCode of Conduct for Business Partnersat the  end of 2022, with a compliance measurement beginning in 2023 to transition suppliers to this new, more stringent version which includes reference to regulations  against the Modern Slavery Act. Among other things, the Code of Conduct prohibits  the use of forced labour, inappropriate disciplinary measures, and child labour within  the supply chain. Other minimum employee rights regarding working hours,  remuneration and freedom of association are also covered. Targeted suppliers are  required to accept the standard set out in the Code of Conduct for Business Partners  and inform their employees. Diversity and equal opportunities are an essential part  of the new Code of Conduct. Suppliers agree to keep adequate records to  demonstrate compliance and agree that Beiersdorf UK or its nominated  representative may make announced or unannounced inspections to suppliers’  premises to verify compliance. Furthermore, an escalation process has been  established through the Global Sustainability team; to be used in case a supplier refuses to accept the standards set out in Beiersdorf’s Code of Conduct for Business  Partners.
In 2024, 83% of Beiersdorf UK’s spend was with suppliers who have signed our  updated 2023 Code of Conduct for Business Partners. Beiersdorf continues the  process of transitioning all suppliers to this updated Code of Conduct (2023). Further  suppliers have confirmed compliance via individual commitments. Beiersdorf’s  ambition is to increase year-on-year acceptance of its Code of Conduct for Business  Partners among its suppliers.
RISK ASSESSMENT, PREVENTION AND MITIGATION
Beiersdorf UK reviews annually the steps it has taken to address the risks of slavery  and human trafficking in its business and supply chain, including the effectiveness of  internal processes for reporting and escalation of issues.
The risk screening categorises suppliers into three risk levels: low, medium and high. Direct suppliers rated as medium risk are required to submit a comprehensive external assessment via the Ecovadis platform to enable an even more thorough risk evaluation. The Corporate Sustainability team in Beiersdorf’s Headquarters in Hamburg then decides whether a subsequent on-site audit is required. On-site audits, carried out by accredited external auditors commissioned by the supplier, follow the standardized “Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit” (SMETA) 4-Pillar Audit Protocol – this measure is also required by business partners that are rated as high risk in the initial screening. The audit results highlight specific challenges and any areas where action is required, for which our suppliers then work out corrective action plans with our support. In extreme cases, the audit results may lead to us excluding suppliers from our supply-chain network.
Additionally, Beiersdorf has an Implementation Process with regards to the Code of Conduct for Business Partners which entails risk profiling, risk assessments and audits. This is also described in theNon-financial Statement 2024. Lastly, incidents can be reported onBeiersdorf’s incident reporting platform. More information about this can be found on theglobal websiteand the platform itself.
DUE DILIGENCE
A substantial share of Beiersdorf’s suppliers have been analysed regarding certain criteria also relating to Modern Slavery. All suppliers considered higher risk committed to follow Beiersdorf’sCode of Conduct for Business Partners. Additionally, to drive ethical and sustainable improvements our top critical suppliers agreed to be part of Sedex.
Beiersdorf recognises that supply chains are highly complex and internationally intertwined and takes its responsibilities in these very seriously. Beiersdorf’s Code of Conduct aims to prevent misconduct and make clear what we expect from our suppliers in terms of environmental and social responsibility. At the end of 2022, Beiersdorf’s Code of Conduct was updated to follow Germany’s new Supply Chain Due Diligence Act, as Beiersdorf’s headquarters are based there. This law requires large companies to take responsibility for upholding human rights in their supply chains. The Code of Conduct is a binding contractual basis for compliance with human rights between Beiersdorf and its business partners along the entire value chain.
Elsewhere, another session on the Modern Slavery Act and Beiersdorf’s Modern Slavery Statement was hosted with all Beiersdorf UK employees during a company presentation in 2024. This presentation also covered updates made in our 2023 statement, how Beiersdorf is committed to opposing modern slavery and human trafficking, as well as awareness of the Modern Slavery Act as a whole.
Additionally, the Beiersdorf group commits to the approach of sustainable development through the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) which is part of our sustainable agenda available on thecorporate website.
Beiersdorf also requires suppliers to engage the inclusion of modern slavery related questions in our standard tender process and part of supplier selection criteria. The supplier will then provide their modern slavery statements in support of Beiersdorf’s commitment to eliminate the risk of slavery and human trafficking with reference to the supply of products and / or services.
Finally, Beiersdorf leverages the synergies of the recognized Sedex, EcoVadis and AIM-Progress collaborative platforms on which further information can be found in theBeiersdorf Non-financial Statement 2024.
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS TO MEASURE EFFECTIVENESS OF STEPS TAKEN
In 2024, 151 suppliers within our supply chains have been audited according to the “Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit” (SMETA) 4-Pillar Audit Protocol by external auditors. Furthermore, an additional 361 suppliers conducted desktop sustainability assessments via our external partner EcoVadis. Critical non-compliances have been discussed with the suppliers and corrective action plans put in place alongside regular follow ups together with the supplier and auditor. In 2024 Beiersdorf did not have any cases of supplier relationship termination due to a major breach. Beiersdorf’s current initiative is to ensure all suppliers with a yearly spend above €50,000 legally sign our updatedCode of Conduct for Business Partners. This is being spearheaded by a central team within Beiersdorf’s headquarters, with local procurement teams support where required. In 2024 and continuing into 2025, it remains a priority focus for Beiersdorf’s procurement functions globally. Whilst suppliers may have been previously covered by a prior version of our Code of Conduct, it has been our priority to update this to the latest 2023 version, which resulted in a global Beiersdorf target of 60% of suppliers (that have a spend above €50,000) having signed this updated version by the end of 2024. As of the end of 2024, 72.8% % of Beiersdorf UK’s suppliers have signed this updated version which resulted in an improvement of 9% compared to the previous reporting year. Beiersdorf has introduced a new control measure requiring that all business partners globally with an annual business volume exceeding €50,000 have a risk profile generated through the external platform “EcoVadisIQ” during the reporting year. These supplier risk profiles enable prioritised and focused enactment of our sustainability and human rights initiatives. For the year 2024, Beiersdorf successfully achieved this target of 100% coverage for business partners with volumes exceeding €50,000 in the year 2024.
Beiersdorf has ambitious targets relating to compliance of our supply chain with human and labour rights. By 2030, 100% of global expenditure across Beiersdorf will be with suppliers who have signed ourCode of Conduct for Business Partners. As of the reporting year 2024, we have achieved 74% of this coverage globally. globally.
TRAINING
It is compulsory for every employee working in Procurement at Beiersdorf to attend an internal Procurement Academy. Training of theCode of Conduct for Business Partnersand human rights processes forms part of this.
Since 2020, there has been a Modern Slavery SharePoint on our UK intranet that continues to be updated and promoted as a central source of key information for all Beiersdorf UK employees. It includes our Modern Slavery Statement, year on year improvement and training material.
Future training and education on processes related to the Modern Slavery Act is available to procurement colleagues from industry bodies and networks. Members of the local procurement team attended conferences on combatting modern slavery in 2024, with the knowledge and insights gained then cascaded to the remainder of the procurement team. Furthermore, a presentation on the topic of combatting modern slavery and human trafficking was delivered during a companywide meeting to raise awareness across the wider business to all UK based colleagues. These sessions aim to ensure that all employees understand the importance of ensuring a safe and compliant working environment and our collective responsibility in preventing modern slavery within our supply chains.
In addition, a wider Beiersdorf global initiative was delivered in 2024 that mandated new compulsory e-learnings on Human Rights and Labour Practices for all employees. These trainings focus on educating all colleagues on the risks of modern slavery and human trafficking, as well as ensuring respective labour rights are understood and implemented.
To further our training and education commitments in 2025, we also plan to deliver targeted sessions tailored for our warehouse colleagues at our Distribution Centre in the UK. We recognize the importance ofdeepening our understanding in this area, as warehouse environments can sometimes present heightened risks of modern slavery. This training will focus on identifying potential indicators of modern slavery and empowering staff to take proactivemeasures to ensure ethical practices within all our operations.
Looking forward, Beiersdorf remains committed to enhancing employee awareness and understanding of modern slavery and human trafficking. In 2025 we will launch a comprehensive training program on our internal e-learning platform entitled ‘Human and Labour Rights in Procurement’. This training has been developed specifically by Beiersdorf, with the first module focusing on risk profiling and aims to further upskill Procurement colleagues in understanding how suppliers are categorised and evaluated on their risk level. It is also designed to provide colleagues with the necessary tools to foster an informed and mindful approach to supplier management, enabling them to effectively address and mitigate modern slavery risks across the supply chain.
CLOSING
This statement was approved by the Board of Beiersdorf UK on the 24th of June 2025. It is made in accordance with section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Beiersdorf UK’s Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement for the financial year ended 31 December 2024.
Signed
Jennifer Muller
Supply Chain Director Northern EuropeOn behalf of the Board of Beiersdorf UK Ltd.
Why do we get wrinkles and how can we treat them? Discover what causes the different types of fine lines and wrinkles, plus how to manage them withNIVEA
Continue below to find out more...
No matter how consistent you are with yourskincareroutine, certain things happen to our bodies over time. Wrinkles are perhaps one of the most obvious. Facial lines, crow’s feet, laughter lines – they are all an expression of our lives that appear on our face over time.
Wrinkles are creases, folds or ridges that appear in theskinas we mature. They look a bit like the lines in the palm of our hands. It might not be what we want to hear, but wrinkles are a completelynaturalpart of the aging process.
Wrinkles, creases and lines start to develop as theskinbecomes thinner, drier and loses its elasticity over time. As we age, our body’s levels ofCollagenand Elastin decrease. These are both proteinsnaturallyfound in theskinresponsible for itsfirmnessand elasticity.
Our facial expressions are a factor too. Smiling, laughing, frowning, squinting and other repeated facial expressions cause small muscle contractions which can lead to fine lines and wrinkles developing when we are younger.
These lines can thendeepen as we age and sometimes become a permanent feature on our face. This is largely because ourskinsprings back when we are younger, but as olderskinhas less flexibility it loses its youthful bounce.
Unfortunately, we can’t stop the aging process or change certain factors like genetics, which inevitably have a part to play in wrinkles. However, there are some lifestyle changes that we can adopt to help prevent wrinkles and keepskinlooking more youthful for longer.
Sunradiation damages theskin’s Collagen, making it lose elasticity and drying it out, bearing in mindmatureskinisnaturallydryer.
Too muchsunexposure can prematurely age ourskin. This is known as photoaging and differs fromnaturalaging, causingdeepwrinkles along with tougherskin, freckles andskindiscolouration.
Knowing how toprotectyourskinfromsundamageis an easy step you can take to prevent this, including adoptinggoodsunscreen habits. One easy habit involves adding a moisturiser with SPF into your morningskincareroutine so that you leave the house with a layer ofprotection.
Smoking is another culprit that causes rapid aging. Healthyskinwill constantly regenerate. However, smoking heavily reduces Collagen production, and less Collagen means more wrinkles. Increased facial lines around the mouth are tell-tale signs of smoking.
Unhealthy habits affect ourskin’s texture and can speed up the aging process. Eating a healthybalanced diet packed withVitaminA and C and protein (poultry, fish, eggs and lean meats) are agoodplace to start. Add some regular daily exercise to boost circulation and reducestresslevels. Too much sugar and alcohol can damage Collagen and Elastin, so indulge in moderation.
Keeping ourskinhydrated is always important. Be sure to drink enough water, and even try herbal teas which haveantioxidantsthat can improve ourskinin other ways. Avoid too much Caffeine as this can slow down the rate our bodies make Collagen.
Ourskinalways thanks us for getting the recommended 8 hours sleep a night – or as close as possible. But did you know that our sleep positions also have a bearing on wrinkles? Ourskincan get creased if we sleep in the same position every night. Sleeping on our back or investing in silk pillowcases that cause less friction against our face can help with this.
While there is no cure to get rid of wrinkles forgood, following an anti-agingskincareroutine will help to reduce the appearance of wrinkles and fine lines and give ourskina more youthful glow over time. As with anygoodskincareroutine, cleansing andexfoliationare the best start:
To effectively target wrinkles, apply three pea-sized dots of an anti-aging serum. Serums are typically lighter than creams and can penetratedeeper into theskin, helping the higher concentrations ofactiveingredients to reduce the appearance of wrinkles.
Sometimes you may want to apply a face mask as part of an extra pampering session. Switching the serum for a face mask on occasion can help to achieve a similar effect. If you’re using a sheet mask, make sure to rub in any excess serum after removing the mask.
Agingskinis less able toprotectitself from external damage, so choosing a really targeted moisturiser is even more important. Plus, moisturisation has the added benefit of locking in any serums or treatments applied beforehand.
NIVEAoffers a range of day and night creams, of which some are formulated withactiveingredients such asQ10andHyaluronic Acidto target wrinkles effectively.
Ourskincontains almost 80% Collagen, and nearly a third of the proteins in our body are produced by Collagen. Coenzyme Q10 can help to stimulate the production of Collagen, whichnaturallyslows with age. This boost in Collagen can help to increase cell regeneration and retainskinelasticity.
Wrinkles of course don’t actually need treatment. They are a painless,naturaland beautiful sign of matureskin. You can choose to treat them if you don’t like the way they make yourskinlook or feel. Equally, you can embrace those laughter lines and eye crinkles for what they are – a reflection of a life expressed to the fullest.
Wrinkles are anaturalpart of the aging process - as we age, ourskinbecomes thinner, drier, and loses its elasticity. The decrease in Collagen and Elastin levels in theskincontributes to the formation of wrinkles over time.Different types of wrinkles exist: wrinkles can appear in various forms on different areas of the face. Common types include forehead lines, frown lines, crow's feet, laughter lines,liplines, and marionette lines.While we cannot stop the aging process or alter genetics, lifestyle changes can help prevent wrinkles and maintain more youthful-lookingskin. Tips include using anti-agingskincareproducts,protectingskinfromsundamage, quitting smoking, eating abalanced diet, stayinghydrated, and getting enough sleep.While there is no permanent cure for wrinkles, following an anti-agingskincareroutine can help reduce their appearance and give theskina more youthful glow. Particularly helpful ingredients include: Q10,Hyaluronic Acid and Retinol, to name a few. However, it's essential to remember that wrinkles are anaturaland beautiful sign of a full life and do not necessarily need treatment if one chooses to embrace them.
Does thesunhelp with acne & pimples or not? Find out the effect thesunhas on acne-proneskin& thecareyou can take.
It may appear that acne and pimples can improve when in thesun, this is due to thesun's UV rays offering mild anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties. However, this doesn’t last and actually causes more harm thangoodin the long run.Acne may also seem to be less visible after being in thesun, this could be due to tannedskinconcealing red spots. It could also be attributed to decreased levels ofstresson holiday,high levels ofstressare commonly associated with worsening/causing acne breakouts.
After you have been in thesun, the top layer of theskinthickens and dries, and the body’s reaction will be to start producing more oil. The sebaceous glands that produce oilnaturallystart working in overdrive to help replenish the loss of moisture. This leads to excessive sebum, a common cause of acne breakouts. This reaction from your body doesn’t happen instantaneously, therefore it is common for people not to associate the two together.When in the warmsunit is also typical for you to sweat more, and having sweatyskincreates the perfect environment for bacteria and acne to develop.
Acne-proneskinrequires higher UVprotection as often treatment methods peel off deadskin, exposingfresher layers. It’s therefore extra important to apply high-SPFsunscreen while you are using acne products.
NIVEADermaSkinClearThe DermaSkinClear range fromNIVEAincludes specially formulated products for those suffering from blemish-proneskin. Consisting of vegan-formulaskincareproducts that nourish theskinwhile combating the visibility of blemishes, for a clean and healthy complexion.
The DermaSkinClear range combines three key ingredients; Niacinamide, Salicylic Acid and Glycolic Acid, all are known ingredients used to help rejuvenate blemish-proneskin.
Whether this is washing your face twice a day, or using the best products for yourskintype. Everyone'sskinis different, so it’s important to listen to yourskin's needs, and see what products/ingredients agree with yourskinand which don’t.
As yourskinoften dries out in thesun, which causes more oil to benaturallyproduced, it is important to get on top of this and supplement yourskinwith moisture regularly. This may be through using a serum or moisturiser, it again depends on what works best for you and yourskin.
High-stresslevels cause your body to produce more hormones, which in turn boosts your glands' production of oil. Therefore by keeping yourstresslevels low, you can help avoid an overproduction of sebum which causes acne breakouts.
Your diet can play a large role in either helping or worsening your acne breakouts. These are some regular offenders that worsen acne:- Processed foods- Alcohol- Sugar- Dairy products
It may be tempting to use makeup to cover pimples, however heavy amounts of makeup on theskincan worsen acne. This is due to thick makeup clogging pores, in turn triggering acne breakouts. You should look for fragrant-free, light makeup if you don’t want to go without. When washing off makeup it is also important to be gentle and to use a specialisedsensitivecleanser.
If you feel like your pimples worsen when in thesun, this also may be down to yoursunscreen. It is essential to wearsunscreen in thesun, but there are different types and some arebetterfor blemish-proneskinthan others.When looking for asunscreen that doesn’t worsen acne-proneskin, you should try and avoid heavy, greasysunscreens. These are more likely to clog your pores which can increase the likelihood of breakouts.NIVEAProtect& Dry Touch Invisible Spray SPF 50is a lightersunscreen that offers highprotection against UVA & UVB rays while also being sweat and water-resistant.People often fret about choosing between mineral or chemicalsunscreens, both are okay to use, and it may come down to your individualskintypereaction. For facialsunscreen, it is considered best to use a mineralsunscreen, as it tends to be less greasy andbetterforsensitiveskin.TheUV Face Specialist TripleProtectSunFluid SPF50+is anon-greasy, ultra-light andhydrating facesunscreen. Its SPF 50 will efficientlyprotectyourskinfrom UV rays while also not irritatingsensitiveacne-prone facialskin.
Acne scarring is used to refer to the various marks that acne breakouts may leave behind. It is fair to say that a tan can give the illusion of reduced scarring however this is far from the case. Once the tan has faded the UV exposure is likely to leave scars more noticeable and less likely to fade over time.
Acne scars worsening/deepening in thesunis commonly due to theCollagenbreakdown that occurs. Over time the UV rays destroy Collagen and Elastin, which are used to give theskinstructure.
There are many acne scar products out there, but in most cases, SPF is the most essentialcare.
Marionette Lines are a common type of wrinkle thatnaturallyappear as you age. Find out what causes them and what you can do to reduce their appearance.
The consumption of tobacco provokes physical tension in the muscles around your mouth, accelerating the degradation of Collagen and Elastin.
Loss of Collagen and Elastin:as you age, theskinnaturallyproduces less of both.Collagenis one of the main supports forskinto look plump. The less yourskinproduces it, the more it issensitiveto gravity. Theskin, therefore, tends to be saggier, which can make your marionette lines more noticeable.Naturalfacial expressions:smiling and talking can accentuate marionette lines with time. This is due to your facial muscles creating a crease every time they make a contraction. Since you loseskinelasticity as you age, yourskinis no longer able to get back in place completely,deepening the crease.Sunexposure:can also be a reason for marionette lines to appear, especially whenSPFis not applied enough.Smoking:The consumption of tobacco provokes physical tension in the muscles around your mouth, accelerating the degradation of Collagen and Elastin. It also decreases your blood flow, which can increase the risk ofskininfection. The actual smoke also contains substances known as Carcinogens, which can further harm theskin.Lack of properskincare:Adopting an adaptedskincareroutine will help to keep yourskinhappy for a longer period of time.Lack of sleep:The production of Collagen increases at night, which gives you a reason to find more time to have a nice and long sleep.Dehydration:Stayinghydrated is very important for the entire body and health, and it will make yourskinmore radiant and healthy.Weight loss:The loss of fat on the face is a factor in saggyskinsince it is less filled, and tends to be moresensitiveto gravity.
Wash your face twice a day using a gentle cleanser, to avoid irritation, and remember to always remove your makeup before bedtime.NIVEArecommends cleansing your face in the morning as well as the evening.The morning cleansing is important since yourskinregenerates during the night and deadskincells should be removed. The evening cleansing is important to remove any pollution, sweat, and bad bacterias that could be on yourskin.After cleansing, you can also apply a toner. Not surewhat toner does? In short, it will finish a thorough cleansing process and help to prepare yourskinto absorb the nourishing ingredients of your serum and moisturiser.
The use of serums is beneficial to yourskinsince their light texture allows for quicker absorption. Serums such as theQ10 Anti-Wrinkle power Replenishing SerumPearlpenetrate theskinquickly and bring moisture to yourskin. Its formula containsskinidentical to Q10 to keep yourskinfirm and youthful.Fillers could be integrated into yourskincareroutine and used as a long-term process forbetterresults. TheNIVEAQ10 Anti-Wrinkle Power Expert targeted WrinkleFillerSerumpenetratesskin10 layersdeep, filling and plumping wrinkles thanks to itsPureCoenzyme Q10 and Bioxifill Peptides formula.
Using a day creamhydratesskinand helpsprotectit against external damage. Additional ingredients can also provide anti-aging effects, helping to reduce marionette lines.NIVEAQ10 Anti-Wrinkle Day Cream SPF 15is formulated with 100%skinidentical to Q10 and Creatine to effectively reduce wrinkles, whilst keepingskinnourished throughout the day.
Swapping a night cream in for your day cream as part of your eveningskincareroutine can bring an important boost to yourskin.Skinenters itsnaturalregeneration phase as you sleep, so using a night cream formulated to support this process, such as theNIVEAQ10 Anti-Wrinkle Power Revitalising Night Cream, will help rejuvenate your complexion overnight.
Sunexposure is one of the main factors of marionette lines' premature appearance, therefore applying daily SPF is important in prevention. You should be mindful of yourskincoverage when applyingsunscreen.
You want to be sure that the exposedskinis sufficiently covered withsunscreen. The unprotectedskincan be subject tosun-induced damage and further complication.
Bakuchiol and RetinolBakuchiolandRetinolare frequently associated due to the similarity of their effect on theskin, notably the anti-age benefit. Indeed, both ingredients help withskinregeneration and stimulation of collagen production. However, Retinol is not friendly to everyone’sskin, which is where Bakuchiol comes in.Bakuchiol is moresensitive-skin-friendly and is also safe to use during pregnancy, opposite to Retinol.Hyaluronic AcidHyaluronic Acidis a key ingredient in anti-ageingskincareproducts. Your body produces itnaturallyto keep yourskinsmooth and supple. This ingredient is a gel-like substance, able to retain moisture and help you fade fine lines and wrinkles.Folic AcidFolic Acid, also known asVitaminB9, helps with the creation of new healthy cells, including red blood cells carrying oxygen. This ingredient also stimulates yourskinto produce more Collagen, acting as a support to your cell function, growth and development. This, therefore, helps againstskinageing and marionette lines.Add Bakuchiol,Hyaluronic Acid or Folic Acid to yourskincareroutineYou can introduce these ingredients into your anti-ageingskincareroutine by using theNIVEACellularExpert products, this premium range offersNIVEA’s most efficacious anti-wrinkle treatment.
