NEW: On-The-Glow BLUSH Petite Collection |Shop Now
Free Shipping for orders over $45 |Shop Now
Free Deluxe Samples with every purchase |Shop Now
You are$45away from free shipping
Join now and get 50 points for signing up
Earn points as you shop & interact with the brand! Members earn up to 5X points per $1 spent.
Redeem points for vouchers, discounts, products and loyalty exclusive experiences.
As a loyalty member, enjoy early access to online-only events, new treats, in-store events and more.
Create account
Already have an account?
We will send you an email to reset your password.
Check your email
Our best-selling hydrating solid cheek tint is now available in petite size.
We’re celebrating National Lipstick Day all week long! Our iconic LipGlow takes center stage in the online-exclusive Glow Trio, paired with BLUSH and BRONZE for the ultimate glow-up.
Your fave Blur & Set essentials—now with acheeky twist!Our trending bundle now features new On-The-Glow BLUSH Petite, for the perfect pop of colour.
NEW: ON-THE-GLOW BLUSH PETITES
COLLECT ALL SHADES
Introducing a complete colour collection of best-selling On-the-Glow Blush Petites! Bundle includes all 4 viral shades: Fleur, Juicy, Ruby, and CheekTone.
Your Glow, Your Way
Create a unique-to-you routine with customizable bundles!
Multi-tasking, glow-enhancing makeup infused with skin-loving ingredients
Cleansers, tonics, serums and more for radiant skin in a few fuss-free minutes
Complexion enhancers for the ultimate no-makeup, makeup look
Bodycare inspired by out most-loved Skintreats for a head-to-toe Pixi glow
Shop collections co-created by your favourite beauty influencers
I believe that beauty products should be multitasking. You only need a few products to help you look and feel beautiful! All my formulas are designed to let you work, play and laugh without ever worrying about touch-ups.
Take our quiz to find a routine to bring out your most natural, radiant self.
Best Sellers
Makeup
Skintreats
Get rewarded while you shop
Not a member?Join nowand get 50 points for signing up.
I’m so excited to introduce a little something that’s going to make a big difference in your glow game! Say hello to the Pixi Petite On-The-Glow BLUSH—our award-winning multitasking blush stick,...
At Pixi, we’re all about celebrating natural beauty—and this palette brings a little extra sweetness to your routine. Whether you’re a lifelong Hello Kitty fan or just love a good...
Meet the Glow-boosting stickers I wish I had years ago. I always wished for something simple that could help immediately, that you could just stick on when you are travelling...
Discover our NEW LipBlush — a water-based stain that’s lightweight, breathable & gives you smudge-proof colour without the need for constant touch-ups.
I’m so excited to introduce LipMask, a luscious moisturizing treatment-meets-tint that keeps your lips plumped, nourished and beautifully radiant—without the fuss.
For over 25 years, I have been dedicated to enhancing the natural beauty in everyone! With a passion for skin-loving ingredients, I created Pixi to make you feel like the...
Our story began with founder Petra’s vision of a versatile moisture balm, and it has since blossomed into our multi-award winning the On-the-Glow family, featuring blushes, bronzers, highlighters and skin tints to treat and enhance your beauty anytime, anywhere!
Pocket-Sized Perfection
NEW: Blush Petites
Introducing the newest edition to the family, On-the-Glow BLUSH Petites! Our best-selling blush sticks, now available in an ultra-portable size! ✨
Your favourite formula in a size that's easy to tuck into your tiniest clutch, gym bag, or carry-on.
Happy, Healthy Skin On-the-Go
In The Details
For over two decades, we have stayed true to Petra’s passion for creating easy-to-use, high performance essentials that care for your skin. 🌿✨
From Petra’s simple belief in effortless beauty, our On-the-Glow solid moisture stick was created. 💖 On-the-Glow Blush, Bronze, SuperGlow and BASE were developed with your Glow in mind. Designed to add a natural touch of colour wherever life takes you.
"Try one shade on cheeks & lips to look pulled-together instantly!"
- Petra
The balm that started it all! We wanted you to be able to take your nourishment to-go with a multi-use solid moisturizer.
The TikTok viral skin tint! This tinted balm smooths, blurs and evens skin tone in just one swipe.
Your new pocket-sized obsession — our award-winning multitasking blush stick, now in a mini, ultra-portable size!
Our skincare-meets-colour blush sticks give cheeks (and lips) a radiant flushed look!
Our multi-tasking bronzer stick is your must-have for naturally Glowing skin in seconds!
The shimmering star of our On-the-Glow lineup. This solid balm highlighter creates a supernatural glow!
On-the-Glow Bundles
Awaken and revitalize tired skin with the anti-inflammatory benefits of Ginseng.
Aloe is a cactus-like plant that produces a gel that is very soothing & hydrating when applied to the skin.
Natural Fruit Extracts like Apple, Grape and Lemon nourish the skin & add a natural glow.
Never miss out on a new Pixi Beauty product launch again by shopping the new arrivals collection. This selection includes skincare products and makeup that feature brand new formulas developed by Pixi Beauty. Be the first to enjoy Pixi facial cleansers, toners, serums, oils, moisturizers and more by regularly checking out what’s new. You’ll also find brand new foundation, concealer, primer, face powder, bronzer, blush, highlighter, lip color, eyeliner, mascara, eye shadow and brow filler formulas in this selection. Each new Pixi by Petra release is filled with skin-nourishing ingredients, such as vitamins, botanical extracts and natural oils. Some include brand new ingredients that we discover by staying informed about skincare trends and research.
Always be the first to discover the newest and best skincare products and ingredients by shopping Pixi skincare new arrivals. These new formulas are often improvements on your old favorites or new creations designed to revitalize your complexion and give your skin a healthy glow. Depending on our latest releases, you’ll find nourishing facial cleansers that gently remove makeup without over-drying your skin. You’ll also find exfoliating and hydrating toners and facial mists that provide an ideal base for your makeup application. New face oil and serum formulas are packed with skin-benefitting ingredients. Skin-plumping hydration is provided by our new face moisturizers. These new formulas get their power from potent ingredients, such as ceramide, retinol, rose extract, vitamin C and jasmine oil. Some of your old favorites are also re-released in skincare sets or as gift sets with limited edition holiday packaging.
Our new arrivals section also contains our new makeup collections, which feature brand new cosmetic formulas that are designed to help you create dozens of beautiful looks. Some of these include makeup palettes with new colors, such as eye shadow palettes and lip gloss palettes. Others include new ombre blush and contour makeup colors. You’ll find new mascara formulas to give you long and full lashes as well as brand new liquid lipstick colors for a new season. These makeup products also come in limited edition gift sets that are ideal for the holidays.
Find out exactly whichskin care and makeupproducts our customers are crazy about by shopping theselection of Pixi Beauty best-sellers. This collection includes some of the best Pixi products that have won countless beauty awards and are consistentfavouritesof our most loyal customers. Included are a selection of different skincare products as well as our makeup artist-inspired cosmetics and beauty supplies. Browse these products and be sure to check out Pixi Beauty reviews to read the glowing praise our repeat customers have given ourskin essentials.
One of our most popular products that our customersreach forover and over again is thePixi Glow Tonic.This facial toner is designed to nourish and gently exfoliate your skin to reveal a beautiful glowing complexion. Pair this exfoliating toner with ourovernightglowfaceserum or any of our skin-nourishing face mist formulas. Your skin will also love ourselectionof facial cleansers, which are designed to gently wash away makeup anddirttorevealhealthy skin. Other high-quality, best-selling skincare products include facial serums,face oilsand our best eye creamthat are enriched with skin-soothing oils and botanical extracts. Face masks and skin peels provide intense exfoliation to brighten a dull complexion while our facial moisturizers soothe and hydrate your skin.
Get ready to Glow! Our On-the-Glow family of nourishing balms have instantly become afavourite. Enriched with Aloe Vera, Ginseng and Fruit Extracts,these 3-in-1 formulas moisturize,brightenand revitalize anycomplexion with each swipe. Add a fresh flush ofcolourwith ourbest creamblush-theOn-the-Glow Blushesor go for a naturalsunkissedlook with ourOn-the-Glow Bronzecream bronzer.Twist, swipe & sparkle withOn-the-GlowSuperGlowhighlighter that creates a supernatural glow!
After you’veshoppedour best-selling skincare products, take a look at our customer-favouritecolourcosmetics. Our lovely makeup products provide you with everything you need to create a beautifulnaturalmakeup look in any style of your choosing. Begin with our most popularhigh coveragefoundation and otherfacecomplexion makeup. Thiscollectionincludesface makeupprimers,faceconcealer, face powder,facehighlighters,creme stickblush andbronzer. Our popular eye makeupincludesproducts that can help you create any type of eye look;dramaticcat eyeor more natural eye. Shop mascara, eyeliner, eye shadow and eye-brightening products. Otherbeloved makeup products in our collection includebrowproducts, lipstick, lip gloss, lip balm and much more.
Pixi Rewards is Pixi’s loyalty program that offers our glowing community exclusive rewards and experiences. Redeem rewards with points earned from qualifying purchases.
To join, you mustcreate an accountby entering your name, email and choosing a password.
Once a member of Pixi Rewards, you can earn up to 5 points per each $1 spent shopping with us via the website. You can also earn points by completing activities in your Pixi Rewards portal, such as entering your birthday and referring your friends to Pixi.
Yes, you can earn points just for signing up, as well as completing activities listed in your Pixi Rewards portal. Activities include entering your birthday, following Pixi on social media and leaving product reviews.
Once you have earned enough points to qualify for the reward you want to redeem, log in to your Pixi Rewards portal and click the “Get Reward” button under the reward of your choice. A code to redeem your reward will appear on the screen for you to use. Your redeemed rewards will stay in your account until you decide to use them.
No, currently rewards are only redeemable online.
Points will expire if not used within 12 months of your last purchase. You will be notified 14 days before your points expire.
Yes, we offer an exclusive gift of 500 points to all Pixi Rewards members that have added their birthday to account.
No, currently points can only be earned by shopping with Pixi through our online website or our mobile app.
Tiers indicate your status in the Pixi Rewards loyalty program: Glow-Dreamer, Glow-Getter & Ultimate Glow. Each tier has its own perks and exclusive rewards offered to members. Move through the tiers by earning points and shopping with Pixi!
No, rewards cannot be combined with other promotions running on the website.
If your order is returned and refunded, the points associated with that purchase are removed from your account.
Products
Please enter your email
Treat yourself to ourcustomer-favouriteskin care products,Glow Tonicwhich removes impurities while hydrating and protecting the skin. Formulated with 5% Glycolic Acid and Ginsengto energize and exfoliate the skin. Reveal a glowingcomplexionwith our variety of glow-enhancingskincare products, like ourGlow Mud CleanserorGlow Mud Mask. OurPeel & Polishexfoliates with Natural Fruit Enzymes and Lactic Acid. While our On-the-Glow moisture stick locks in moisture anywhere! Hydrate the lips, face and bodywith this travel-friendly solid moisturizer that is packed with Vitamin D2 and Glycolic Acid.
We’vegot a special treat for every skin care need.Soothe,calmand nourish with ourHydrating Milky Collection. The Hydrating Milky Mist uses Hyaluronic Acid, Black Oat Extract and B Vitamin Complex to provide an instant surge of hydration. Our Rose Collection is going to nourish and balance the complexion. The Rose Cream Cleanser and Rose Ceramide CreamcontainRose Flower Oil which moisturizes and softens the skin.
Improve the skin’s texture with ourClarity CollectionandRetinol Collection. Reveal a clearer complexion with our clarifyingtreats, formulated with Salicylic Acid to clear and unclog pores.Our effective Clarity CleanserwithSalicylic Acidis our best face wash for oily skin,providinga deep clean whileProbioticsbalance and preserve. The Retinol Collection is youth preservingand anti-agingwith our time-release Retinol.Improve the appearance of fine lines with the Overnight Retinol Oil, formulated with Retinol, Peptides and Ceramides.Venture into ourBotanical CollagenCollectionwith the Botanical Collagen & Retinol Serum that is going to help restore the skin’s elasticity. This skin-loving formulacontainsAcacia Collagen, Peptides, Retinol and Chamomile which givesanti-agingbenefits in every drop.
Brighten up your complexion with our radiance-enhancingVitamin C Collection.Awaken the under eye with ourBeautifEYEhydrogel undereye patches.ContainingVitamin C, Licorice and Ginseng to brighten dark circles;for more under eye hydration,apply your best eye cream after use. One of our most recent additions to theSkintreatfamily is ourAntioxidant Tonicwhich is an Essence,Tonerand Serum, all in one! It deeply hydrates the skin and provides powerful antioxidantprotection.
OurSkintreatsare suitable for all skin types, as the skin-loving ingredients in ourfavouritesarePixiperfect for all our lovelies!
Find out whichPixiBeauty products are being highlighted by editors and publications for their award-winning formulas. This collection includes Pixi products that have earned the title of Best Highlighter, BestTonerand Best Bronzer; just to name a few. Pixi Beauty is all about fuss-free but high-quality skincare that brings out your natural beauty.
Face tonics have been a paramount part of Pixi skincare routines since the beginning, theyplay a valuable role inmaintaininghealthy-looking and radiant glowing skin!Our multi-award-winning and forever favorite,Glow Tonic, instantly invigorates the complexion and reveals renewed and radiant skin. This Glycolic Acid facial tonerhas been recognized by Cosmopolitan, Glamour, Teen Vogue and Refinery29 for its glow-enhancing benefits.TheAntioxidant Tonicand its innovative 3-in-1 formula won the Marie Claire 2024 Skin Awardfor Best Toner/Essence for Oily Skin.Thisdelivers the multi-functional benefits of a Tonic,Essence andSerum all wrappedupinto one deeply hydrating and elasticity-renewing formula.
Our On-the-Glow family has instantly become a customer-favouriteand has received recognition from multiple publications. TheOn-the-Glow Bronzesticks have won the title of “Best Bronzer” by Harper’s Bazaar and SELF in 2023 as well as “Best Multipurpose Stick”by People magazine in 2022. TheOn-the-GlowSuperGlowandCheekToneare our newest editions to the family andhavealready receivedGLOWingpraises.
Theseskin-loving treats have won countless awards and are consistentfavouritesof our most loyal customers.Some of these include under eye patches, face serums, face moisturizer,face masks,cream bronzer, creamblushand sunscreen.Our lovely makeup products provide you with everything you need to create a beautiful natural makeup look in any style of your choosing.
Reveal a radiant complexion day after day with our Pixi Glow Tonic collection. By removing impurities while hydrating and protecting skin, these fuss-free products are the perfect multitaskers for your skin care routine. The deep yet gentle cleanse refines and purifies pores, giving you skin that’s fresh, supple, and ready to glow. Learn more about our Pixi Glow Tonic collection to discover rich formulas for ayouth-preservingappearance.
Get Your Glow on with Pixi Tonic
OurPixi Glow Tonicis the game changer you’ve been searching for. It’s easy and effortless, so there are no complicated routines or tricky application instructions to follow. Simply swipe theGlow toneracross your skin with a soft cotton pad in the AM or PM. This helps to remove excess oils and impurities while soothing your skin, resulting in a healthier, balanced complexion. It’s gentle yet effective, leaving your face fresh for makeup application or for heading to bed after a long day. You’ll love the gorgeous glow you get from using Pixi Beauty Glow Tonic whether you’re using one of our conveniently sized bottles or pre-soaked pads for cleansing on the go.
Healthy Ingredients for Your Skin
The Pixi Glow Tonic collection will allow you to treat your skin to a pampering, youth-preserving experience. Our award-winningGlycolic Acid tonerexfoliates and purifies the skin while accelerating cell renewal for a brighter, smoother complexion. It includes Red Ginseng, a powerful antioxidant that improves circulation and protects your skin from impurities, as well as aloe vera for soothing, hydrating effects. The gentle formula is alcohol-free and paraben-free, making it suitable for all skin types. Experience the Pixi Beauty difference by combining this incredible toner with otherGlow Tonic products.
When your eyes develop puffiness, dark circles, and other signs of stress and strain, it’s time to find a way to revive them. Pixi can help you get your eyes looking their natural best with our specially formulated under-eye gel patches. Made with natural ingredients, you can use these soothing eye patches daily or whenever your eyes need a pick-me-up!
Hydrogel: A Simple Solution to Eye Care
Hydrogel patches are the modern way to deliver a concentrated eye care formula directly to the undereye area in a pleasant, relaxing way. Each hydrogel pad is packed with hydrating ingredients that help to nourish your skin with essential moisturizers. They feel soft to the touch, and you can even store them in the refrigerator to enjoy a refreshing compress for the eyes. Gel patches remain on the skin until you gently remove them.
Reduce Dark Circles and Puffiness
Do you constantly deal with dark circles and/or puffiness underneath your eyes? If so, you are in good company. These common issues often lead to tired-looking eyes, even when you’re not feeling as tired. So, what’s the Pixi solution? OurDetoxifEYEhydrogel patches address these two pesky beauty problems with the help of energizing caffeine, soothing cucumber, and other nourishing ingredients that contribute to eliminating those dark circles and puffiness.
Lift and Rejuvenate
Have we mentioned how important hydration is for the undereye area? One of the best ways to deliver a quick boost of much-needed moisture is with under eye patches made with rejuvenating Acacia collagen and energizing caffeine. Our wonderfulFortifEYEhydrogel patches contain these two essential ingredients, plus, nourishing peptides for uplifting and toning. This formula is great for reducing those undereye bags that contribute to an underwhelmingly tired look. Say goodbye to that look as it only takes a few minutes a day to see results!
Every one of our favourite Pixi Beauty lovelies knows that the perfect Skintreats skincare routine begins with one of our go-to facial cleansers. All our face washes are formulated for all skin types so that you'll have no trouble finding the best cleanser for you whether you have oily skin, dry skin or combination skin.Infuse your skin with a boost of hydration by cleansing skin with ourHydrating Milky Cleanser. This moisturizing face wash is enhanced with Probiotics, Coconut Extract and Willow Bark Extract for intense hydration. Before cleansing, use Hydrating Milky Makeup Remover to effortlessly remove waterproof and long-wear makeup while you hydrate your skin.Treat yourself to gentle exfoliation as you cleanse your skin withGlow Tonic Cleansing Gel. This cleanser refines and brightens your complexion with Glycolic Acid as Ginseng Extract improves your circulation. Aloe Extract soothes and hydrates to leave your skin smooth and glowing.Another great brightening cleanser is ourVitamin C Juice Cleanser. This cleansing water is infused with Vitamin C, which provides potent antioxidant power. It also contains Ferulic Acid and Probiotics to maintain balance in your complexion.Get a perfect multitasking evening facial cleanser in one product with Double Cleanse. This product contains a solid cleansing oil enriched with Vitamin E, Camellia Oil and Evening Primrose oil for removing makeup and prepping your skin for a deeper cleanse. The other side contains a cleansing cream infused with Vitamin C, Arginine and a Peptide complex to protect youthful-looking skin.Achieve deep pore cleansing with one of our mineral-rich mud cleansers.Rose Cream Cleanseris soothing and gentle as well as ideal for sensitive skin and all other skin types. It's infused with Rose, Avocado, Chamomile and Aloe Vera. Glow Mud Cleanser is formulated with 5 percent Glycolic Acid that gently exfoliates while the cleanser purifies your skin.
Reveal your most beautiful, glowing complexion with our selection of Pixi perfect facial toners. While each of our toners features a unique formula, they are all formulated for all skin types. Find the best Pixi toner for your skin in our selection, whether you need a toner for exfoliation, brightening, hydration,or soothing. The nice thing about our toners is that you can use them with any of our cleansers and moisturizers for a complete facial system. Mix and match your favourites and use them daily after cleansing your skin in the AM or PM!
Which Facial Toner Should You Choose?
Choosing a Pixi facial toner for your face is easy to do when youselect one based on your specificfacial skin care goal. Toners can boost the overall health of your skin, while offering a refreshing experience. As you browse our collection, consider if you want a toner that helps make your skin glow brightly, gives your skin a boost of toning Collagen or Vitamin-C,or a good overall toner thathelpsrejuvenate. We offer all of those toners and more.One of our most popular and best-selling products is ourPixi Glow Tonic. This go-to face toner is a true miracle worker that is designed to significantly brighten your complexion for the perfect glow.Glow Tonic To-Gopre-soaked pads.
Discover our award-winning,Antioxidant Tonic! The innovative 3-in-1 formula acts as a Essence, Toner and Serum to give instant hydration. Formulated with a Nordic Superfood Berry blend and Probiotics.There are also other options for brightening.Another facial toner favourite is Pixi'sVitamin C Tonic. The addition of Vitamin-C gives this toner potent antioxidant power. It also helps stimulate your skin's natural collagen production for a more youthful complexion. This formula also includes skin-strengthening Probiotics and gently exfoliating White Willow Bark.Replenish your skin and maintain your youthful glow with the rejuvenating power of ourRetinol Tonic. This youth-preserving tonic features potent, time-released retinol that revitalizes your skin and gives it a natural glow. Peptides offer added skin-firming effects and help encourage your skin's natural collagen production. The formula also contains powerful botanical extracts and antioxidants that soothe, heal and balance your skin.
Need a Hydrating Toner?One great reason for adding a toner to your daily skin care regimen is to give your skin an extra boost of hydrating moisture. This extra layer of hydration works in tandem with your favorite Pixi moisturizer to provide all-day or all-night hydration to your skin. The resultleaves yourskinfeelingsoftand plump.With regular use,toners can helpyour skinmaintain aglow-y and youthfulappearance.
No matter your skin type, it is important to hydrate and nourish your skin. Moisturize your skin with ease usingPixi Milky Tonic. This hydrating toner soothes your complexion while it balances your skin. It also nourishes and helps rehydrate and relaxes the skin.Another hydrating and soothing facial toner option is ourRose Tonic. This nutrient-rich toner helps minimize redness while balancing your skin's pH levels.
Treat your delicate under-eyeswith Pixi Beauty’snourishing and skin-loving formulasthat help you reveal a glowing "just had a good night sleep" look!
Discover your perfecteye care treatmentmatchfromourvariousbest-sellinghydrogelunder-eye patches.ChooseDetoxifEYEpatches to depuff and energize the under eye withkey ingredients likecooling Cucumber,Caffeineand real Gold.Award-winningNutrifEYEis the perfect choice if you are looking to replenish and hydrate amoresensitive under eye area,formulated withnourishing Rose Flower Extract and soothing Chamomile.Brightenupdarkunder eyecircleswithBeautifEYEfor an awakened andenergizedlook poweredbyVitamin C, Licorice and Ginseng.FortifEyewilltone and lift with the carefully combined benefits of Acacia Collagen, Caffeine and Peptides.For a pre-bedtime Treat,useDreamyEYEpatches, designed for PM or nighttimeuse tore-hydratedry skinaround theeyeswith Lavender and Vitamin A.Layer with your best night eye cream for a spa-like experience at home!
For all Hello Kitty fans, say hello to smoother under eyes with our Pixi + Hello KittyAnyWherePatches.These fanfavouritesdeliver an instant surge of hydration, steeped in the skin-loving formula consisting of Ceramides, Hyaluronic Acid and Peptides.
Reveal your complexion's most radiant glowandpamper your delicate eye areawith PixiUnder Eye Serums andEyeCreams!DetoxifEYESerumis a lightweight and quick-absorbingeye serum thatgives a boost of cooling hydration to awakena puffy under eye area.Our Botanical CollagenEyeSerumrevitalizes the delicate eye area with Botanical Collagen and Hyaluronic Acid.In need ofan eyepeptide cream?Retinol, Caffeine and Peptides improve elasticity and lock in moisture with our Retinol Eye Cream, our most effective eye cream for wrinkles.Pixi Beauty products are cruelty-free andincludeskin-loving ingredientsthatoffer results you will adore!
Serums and face oils from Pixi Beauty are an excellent way to add extra nutrients and skin-loving ingredients to your skincare routine. Facial serums can be applied to cleansed and toned skin before facial moisturizer. Face oils can be used instead of face moisturizer or blended with your favorite face lotion for extra hydration and skin-softening ingredients. The face oils and serums in our collection are formulated with botanical extracts, hydrating oils and nourishing vitamins and are designed to give you a healthy, glowing complexion. Choose one or multiple for added skincare benefits. Pair them with Pixi facial cleansers, moisturizers and toners, such as Pixi Glow Tonic for the best results.
Facial oils are ideal for providing instant hydration to dry, lackluster skin. These oil blends are packed with antioxidants and vitamins that help repair skin damage and prevent new damage from occurring. Some of our face oils include our Jasmine Oil Blend and our Rose Oil Blend. Jasmine oil is ideal for helping your skin recover from dullness and a loss of moisture. It can also help repair skin damage as well as relieving stressed and unbalanced skin. Rose oil is a luxuriously nourishing oil that renews your skin’s luminosity while it rejuvenates your complexion. This face oil blend features youth-preserving ingredients that give you a healthy glow and helps improve your skin’s elasticity.
Pair any of these facial oils with one of the Pixi Beauty serums for added skincare benefits. Each one features different benefits, such as a glowing complexion, deep hydration and increased radiance. Some of the serums featured in our selection include Rose Caviar Essence, Overnight Glow Serum and Hydrating Milky Serum. Rose Caviar Essence is a weightless serum that contains suspended flower oils which nourish, hydrate and restore skin’s brightness. Use Overnight Glow Serum to exfoliate your skin while you sleep. The end result is reduced fine lines and sun spots as well as a soothed and hydrated complexion. To achieve deep hydration for a dry complexion, try the smooth and lightweight Hydrating Milky Serum.
One of the most important steps in any skincare routine is a face moisturizer. It is essential to keep your Pixi perfect glow by keeping your skin hydrated. Even though all Pixi moisturizer is made for all skin types, you'll be able to find a moisturizer to suit your skin's needs. You'll even find some of the best facial creams to enhance healthy-looking skin.One of our most unique and versatile moisturizers is On-the-Glow Multi-Use Moisture Stick. This is a solid moisturizer bar that is formulated to be used on your face, lips, body and hair. This travel-friendly moisturizer is ideal for hydration on-the-go. The formula includes gently exfoliating Glycolic Acid, rejuvenating Ginseng and Vitamin D2, a powerful antioxidant.Harness the skin-brightening, Antioxidant power of Vitamin C with our Vitamin-C Lotion or our Vitamin-C Caviar Balm. The lotion is designed to boost skin's luminosity and helps promote healthy collagen production. The Vitamin-C Caviar Balm is an encapsulated mask infused with vitamins to promote collagen production and brighten the complexion for healthy-looking skin. Use them together for even glow-boosting power.Focus on deep hydration in your skincare routine with Pixi's Rose Ceramide Cream. This ultra-rich moisturizer features deeply hydrating Ceramides and Rose Oil as well as skin-balancing probiotics. This luxurious formula provides lasting nourishment while improving your skin's elasticity for a healthier look and feel.Another deeply hydrating moisturizer is Pixi Hydrating Milky Lotion. This moisturizer can be used on both your face and your body. Use it to give your skin an instant boost of hydration while you improve its long-term moisture levels. It features a blend of Shea Butter, Cocoa Seed Extract and Coconut Oil.
Add our multi-actingSunTreatsinto your everyday skincare routine! OurAftersunSheet Maskhelps to soothe and effortlessly cool complexion. Formulated with Cucumber, Chamomile and Ceramides to soothe, hydrate and calm, promoting a more balanced and rejuvenated complexion.
To use, after cleansing place sheet mask onto face and pat into contours to fit snuggly. Leave on for 10-15 minutes and remove. Pat in excess serum to face, neck & décolletage.
Our newSunMistdelivers invisible and lightweight broad-spectrum SPF 50 with a unique blend of Aloe Vera, Vitamin E and Avocado Oil to nourish, soothe and treat! This water-resistant formula layers with a lightweight feel, ideal for both pre-and-post makeup.
OurEOD Cleansing Oilis a PM essential. This cleansing oil is formulated specifically to take everything off, effortlessly melting off even waterproof makeup and sunscreen! Nourishing, balancing and completely plant-based formula leaves skin looking and feeling clean and hydrated, adding softening and replenishing benefits with the help of both Argan and Soybean Oil! To cleanse, massage gently onto a dry or damp face. Rinse off or remove with moist face cloth.
Give your skin an instantrefreshwith hydrating facial mists from Pixi Beauty.Whether it’s toning your complexion, moisturizing your skin or setting your makeup,these formulas are designed to gently deliver the glowing results youdesire.With plenty of vitamins and nutrients to nourish your skin as well as botanical ingredients, ourface mist spraysprovide an immediate boost of freshness as well as long-lasting improvements to your complexion. Learn more about our lineup ofPixi mist spray productsto find the perfect fit for your skin care needs.
Facial mist is the perfect, easy-to-apply method for delivering soothing nutrients to your skin in an instant. The face mist formulas from Pixi Beauty include spray mists that can be used to tone your skin, provide your complexion with needed moisture, act as a pre-makeup primer or set your makeup after application. We even carry spray mist with SPF that acts as sunscreen to protect your face from sunburn and other long-term sun damage. Each one of these is packed with vitamins, nutrients and skin-soothing botanicals to provide long-lasting improvements to your complexion. Shop the selection to find Pixi mist for every part of your skincare routine.
Refresh with Our Marvelous Mists
Rejuvenating your skin is just a spritz away. Our Pixi face mist formulas are each designed to help your skin look and feel its best no matter what the day brings. You can smooth your complexion and achieve a radiant look with ourGlow Mist. Strengthen and tone your skin with ourVitamin Wakeup Mistor get no-fuss moisturization for dry skin withHydrating Milky Mist. Keep yourmakeupin place all day withMakeup Fixing Mistor seal in your nighttime skincare routine withDream-y Mist. For SPF protection that provides youth-preserving effects for your skin, choose ourPixi Sun Mistspray. Who knew a little mist could offer so many benefits for your skin?
Add a mist spray to your skincare routine in order to give your skin a natural glow or revitalize a dull complexion. One of our most popular formulas is our Glow Mist, which provides your skin with a luminous glow while smoothing your complexion. A formula filled with natural oils and plant extracts hydrates and refreshes your skin. This brightening mist is also perfect for setting makeup with a dewy finish and can be used on your hair. You can also opt for the Rose Glow Mist for a floral take on the classic Glow Mist formula. This facial toner also gives your skin a healthy glow, moisturizes, improves elasticity and provides protection from free radicals. If you’re looking for an easy way to refresh your skin throughout the day, our Vitamin Wakeup Mist is the perfect remedy to a tired complexion. It hydrates, strengthens and tones as it wakes up your skin.
If you suffer from dry skin and are looking for a no-fuss way to provide your face with deep hydration,Hydrating Milky Mistis perfect for you. This face mist is packed with hydrating plant extracts and vitamins as well as linoleic and hyaluronic acids to plump and moisturize dry skin. Facial mists are also an excellent way to set your makeup for extra-long wear. Keep your makeup from moving, melting or settling into your pores by setting it with PixiMakeup Fixing Mist. In addition to giving your makeup a no-budge finish, it also hydrates and balances your skin. An essential part of skincare is protecting your delicate facial skin from the sun’s harmful ways. Soothe your skin while protecting it from UVA and UVB rays by using Sun Mist sheer sunscreen spray.
Nourishing Ingredients for Your Skin
At Pixi Beauty, we want to make it as easy as possible forreal women to look their most beautiful. Our facial mists are part of a simple, stress-free skin care routine that allows you to enjoy glowing results through quick and easy steps. Our face mists help to enhance your skin’s natural beauty with gentle yet effective ingredients. The feather-light feel is the perfect pick-me-up at any time of day that boosts your confidence while tending to your skin’s health and appearance. Select a few products from this lineup to discover why our face mists are some of ourbest-selling Pixi Beauty picks.
We are big believers in skin exfoliation because it’s a great way to boost the production of new skin cells that can make you look smashingly radiant! When you’re ready to do an at home facial peel, Pixi exfoliators give you winning results you can feel and see. Likewise, for our face balms and facial masks. Choose a product to exfoliate your entire face and neck area. Or find one that helps uplift the eyes or calm and smooth the T-zone.
Oxygen Mask for Energized Skin
Feed your skin oxygen and watch how much it glows! Pixi’s oxygenated skin care products are a must have in your collection for those days when you need extra skin nourishment. Our bodies thrive on oxygen and ourGlow 02 Oxygen Treatment Maskprovides a wonderful boost, reviving dull skin before you apply makeup or attend a special event.
Exfoliate, Refresh and Hydrate
Pixi provides opportunities to achieve the skin goal you deserve to enjoy. We offer natural exfoliators that effortlessly peel away dead skin, revealing fresher skin that is soft to the touch. Refresh with an invigorating face balm at the beginning of your day or during the evening. Infuse moisture into your skin, while purifying and destressing with amud maskorpeel mask. Our masks are easy to apply, and they are just as easy to remove. Trust us, your pores will thank you.
Ever wonder how you can transform dull skin into a brighter and healthier complexion? Pixi brightening skincare is here to help you achieve brighter skin with our Vitamin-C collection. When we say our products help make skin bright, what we mean is our products can boost your skin’s natural luminosity. Skin glows because it’s nourished with Vitamin C and a combination of botanicals, antioxidants and probiotics that support healthier skin cell rejuvenation. You can use any combination of these brightening treatments to achieve your desired results.
Brighten With Creams and Patches
Rich, creamy formulas are packed with Vitamin C and nutrients to help you achieve moisturizing results in large or small areas. A skinbrightening creammay be in a tube or jar and the consistency can range from light to a more concentrated balm. Cream formulas give you excellent control over how much you wish to use. Sometimes you want full coverage, while other times, a patch will do. For instance, brighten and energize the eye area with patches saturated with eye boosting formula. Alternatively, a brightening lotion can be generously applied to the face, neck, elbows, and knees.
Brighten With Serums and Tonics
Serums provide ultra-concentrated brightening formulas that you can use to spot treat certain areas. Ourserumsinclude a dropper for this delicate task. And, you can also add a few drops to your favorite moisturizer to infuse it with brightening power. If you love our other skin care tonics, you’re going to love ourVitamin-C Tonic. It gently gives a luminous glow, while balancing, protecting, and strengthening the skin. Use it daily or whenever you want a brightening boost.
Brighten With Masks
Treat yourself to a relaxing, skin-enhancing experience by choosing one of our Pixi facial skinbrightening masksinfused with Vitamin C. These are designed to be left on the face for 10 to 15 minutes. It’s a great way to energize, brighten, and hydrate your face.
Want to decongest your skin and leave it feeling clean? Clearyourcomplexion with these uniquely formulated Pixi clarifying treats!
Our Clarity Collection treats are balancing and probiotic rich. These Clarityfavouritesare infused with skin-loving botanicalsthat purify and balance the skin. OurClarity CleansercontainsSalicylic, Lactic and Glycolic Acids thatprovide powerful triple treatment aspects with clarifying properties. This cleanser helps refresh and exfoliate while Probiotics balance and preserve.
TheClarity Toniccontainspotent AHAs, Antioxidants, and balancing Probiotics helps toclear skinand minimize the appearance of pores.While ourClarity Mistinstantly purifies and provideshydration on the go. This lightweight mistcontainsCicaand Sea salt to soothe whilereducing blemishes.
TheClarity Concentratedelivers a lightweight yet potent effect to refine skin-surface with Salicylic Acid, Lactic Acid and Probiotics.
If you love these treats, try ourClarity Lotioninstantlymoisturizeswith a lightweight blend of time-release Ceramides, Salicylic Acid and Kaolin.
Treats from ourGlow Tonic Family Collectionalso promote complexion clarification. Treats such as our Award-Winning Glow Tonic, Glow Tonic Serum, Glow Tonic Cleansing Gel, Glow Peel Pads are all infused with Glycolic Acid that gently exfoliates and renews skin!
For a clarifyingeffect, our Retinol treats are also a great solution! Retinol is a powerful botanical with potent Antioxidants.
Additionalclarifying must-haves are Zero Zit, Clarity Blemish Stickers, In-Shower Steam Facial, Glow Mud Cleanser and more!
Banish dry, dull skin from your life by using Pixi hydrating skin care products. If you’re looking for great quality moisturizing skin care made from the most effective natural ingredients for hydration, Pixi is the answer! We’ve got everything you need to transform and rejuvenate your skin, whether it’s seasonally dry, dry year-round or dry in patches. Regardless of your skin type, there’s a hydrating solution that’s right for you.
Cleansers, Removers and Peels
Great looking skin starts with a good cleansing routine and our hydrating cleansers and peels can help keep your skin looking its Pixi best! Unlike some cleansers, our formulas include natural hydrating ingredients such as coconut extract and rose water. Gentle cleansers can be used daily, while removers and peels should be used on an “as needed” basis for best results. Yourskin is gently cleansed and exfoliated without being stripped of essential moisture that aids in skin cell regeneration.
Calming Tonics
Pixi is famous for skin nourishing tonics that wonderfully hydrate the skin with great options to choose from. Skin tonics help tone your skin while contributing additional hydration, whether you wear makeup or prefer a natural look. If you deal with skin irritations, tonics bring soothing relief, helping to reduce redness and blemishes. Choose from a wide variety, such asRose TonicorMilky Tonic,for your daily routine.
Creams, Oils and Lotions
Looking for a moisturizer that is gentle, yet effective in delivering much-needed moisture that lasts? Pixi offers lightweight moisturizing skin care creams in various formulas to hydrate skin during the day or overnight. Some formulas are available in a lightweight gel that is quickly absorbed into the skin. Apply ourOvernight Glow Serumfor a simple treatment that leaves skin feeling soft and supple when you awake. Keep face, hands and body moisturized with our Pixi hydrating lotions such asHydrating Milky LotionorRose Ceramide Cream.
One of the biggest skin care questions many customers want answered involves the desire to know how to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. You can use Pixi products to help reduce the appearance of naturally occurring lines and wrinkles or slow down the aging of skin. Our collection of youth-preserving products contains ingredients proven to be effective in rejuvenating skin by working its best throughout the long hours.
Retinol Products
Retinol is an ingredient that is derived from Vitamin A, and it is commonly used to reduce the appearance of fine lines that develop around the eyes and mouth. It can also help reduce wrinkles, and this reducing effect happens over time as results are typically seen after a period of months. Pixi products with time-release retinol, such as ourRetinol Tonic, help stimulate the turnover of new skin cells, giving natural collagen a boost. Botanicals boost the skin healing process and help to keep the skin calm.
Intense Hydration
Your skin thrives on moisture and we make sure your skin gets plenty of hydration with these youth-preserving treatments. To help your skin maintain a good level of moisture, our formulas also include peptides and natural botanicals like ourBotanical Collagen & Retinol Serum. This means that regardless of whether you choose products with retinol, botanical collagen or both, there’s plenty of hydration included to ensure your skin remains moisturized throughout the day and night!
Glowing skin radiates health and vitality, and one of the ways you can achieve what we like to call glow-y skin is by using Pixi glowing skin products. Our line of quality glow-enhancing skincare products is specifically designed to maximize nourishment and hydration, while also helping skin heal from common irritations. If you are wondering how to transform your skin, our Glow collection is the beginning of your journey to a more youthful, healthier look.
Here’s How to Get Glowing Skin
It’s all about easily achievable beauty you can do at home, or anywhere. At Pixi, we show you how to achieve a beautiful glow with these three simple steps. Ready?
Step 1
Cleanse. Think of your face as a canvas. To assure the most benefits from our other Glow products, you should first do a thorough cleansing with one of our gentle Glow cleansers. Many customers enjoy using ourGlow Tonic Cleansing Gelas the first step of their routine. It exfoliates and brightens as it cleans. Or you may choose to use ourGlow Mud Mask Cleanserfor deep pore cleansing and purifying. Both leave skin looking radiant.
Step 2
Brighten. This is one of the key secrets to having skin that appears bright and healthy. In this step, you can exfoliate and refresh your face with our fantasticGlow Tonic. Known as one of our most popular skin care products, this tonic contains glycolic acid, ginseng and aloe vera for a one-of-a-kind treatment that helps clear skin of blemishes and irritations. Once your face is clear, you simply continue use to keep your skin balanced and bright.
Step 3
Hydrate. This step helps your skin look dewy and feel soft and smooth. We offer various ways to keep your skin well hydrated and nourished. On any given day you can choose to use a Pixi Glowmoisturizing cream,gelor hydratingmist.Choose from a moisturizing cream, a nourishing gel or a hydrating mist to give yourself that Pixi Glow throughout the day!
Pixi is here to help you solve all your skin problems. Skin irritations such as blotches, blemishes, patches, and redness are common conditions shared by many people, and our collection of soothing skin care products provides an easy at home remedy for any of the above. Our cruelty-free soothing products are ideal for all skin types and they feel so refreshing on the skin. With Pixi, youcanbring your skin back to balance and maintain a clear, refreshed look with regular use.
Calm Irritated Skin
Skin inflammation that is suffering from irritation may want you to alleviate the issues quickly. With the right soothing skin products to cleanse and gently exfoliate away the top layer of skin will help to clear breakouts and redness over time. Our products are formulated to be gentle enough for everyday use to help speed up the clearing process. With Pixi, you can say goodbye to harsh cleansers and detoxifying treatments and hello to smooth skin that feels soft to the touch.
Balance and Hydrate
One thing to keep in mind when you’re considering the bestsoothing skin careis how well those products bring your skin into proper pH balance. Breakouts or irritations signify your skin is out of its natural balance. To bring it back into balance, select soothing products, such as ourRose TonicorMilky Tonic, that contain quality botanicals and other natural skin boosters that help skin cells by rejuvenating them for adequately nourished and hydrated skin. Using a mist or tonic can help maintain your skin’s balance for a healthy glow.
Revitalize Dull, Dry Skin
Pixi soothing products can also be a big help when it comes to revitalizing dry, flaky skin. Whether you are cleansing, toning, misting or removing makeup, rest assured your skin will feel nourished and hydrated.
Give your self-care routine the perfect touch of skin-lovingcolour& complexion-perfection! This unique range of complexion enhancers is designed to treat skin with nourishing and revitalizing infusions while providing the makeup benefits found in yourfavouritecolourproducts.
Add Rose-infusedColourtreatsto your makeup & skincare rituals for a renewing refresh!
Our+Rose Essence Oilpreps your skin for makeup, with its lightweight & fast-absorbing tri-phase oil formula.This essence oil rejuvenates the skinand can be applied on top of makeup throughout day for a dewy look & nourishing boost!
Blur & brighten while adding a pearlescent finish to your complexion with our+Rose Radiance Perfector! Instantly enliven your face and reveal a naturally healthy glow with this delicately tinted lotionpacked with Hyaluronic Acid, Rose Water and Ceramides.
Our+Rose Glow-Y Powderis infused with Rose Extract, Ferulic Acid and Jojoba to nourish and soothe the skin. This powder will keep your skin luminously light reflecting all day! Use as a natural blush or a glowing highlighter.
Soften your lips long-term with our+Rose Lip Nourisherand have a more luscious day-to-day pout with this tinted balm! Vitamin-E helps to both nourish & protect lips while adding a sheer shine.For a boost of hydration andcolour,our+HydraLipTreatcomes in 7 buildable shadesthat plump the lips with Hyaluronic Acid.
Our Vitamin-CColourtreatsarethe perfect brightening essentials.
The+C Vit Priming Oilis a tri-phased oil that nourishes, energizes, and balances with Vitamin-C, Turmeric and Carrot Oil.
Enhances your complexion while blurring and brightening with our+C Vit Brightening Perfector, infused with Vitamin C, Ferulic Acid and Licorice.
Instantly awakening under-eye with our+C VitUnderEyeBrightenerdesigned to perfect, blur andenergizeswith Vitamin-C, Ferulic Acid and Caffeine.
Your complexion will love our super silky natural mineral+C Vit Glow-y Powder. It leaves a luminous finish and treats with Vitamin-C, Ferulic Acid and Vitamin E.
By using our+C Vit Lip Brightener, you can treat lips with a hint-of-a-tint while nourishing & conditioning with Vitamin-C, Jojoba Seed Oil and Vitamin E.
Hydrated skin is happy skin. This is why it's essential to maintain your skin's moisture levels through your skincare routine. Choosing rich, moisturizing skincare products like those found in Pixi Beauty's Hydrating Milky Collection is ideal for anyone who wants firm, healthy and youthful skinBegin your Skintreats skincare routine with our Hydrating Milky Cleanser. This milk cleanser is rich and moisturizing thanks to the addition of Coconut Extract, Oat Extract, Probiotics and Willow Bark Extract in its formula. This face wash is suitable for all skin types including sensitive, dry and combination skin. This ultra-nourishing cream cleanser helps to moisturize while thoroughly cleansing skin.The Hydrating Milky Makeup Remover helps your hydrating face wash cut through waterproof and long-wear makeup. This moisturizing makeup remover is strong enough to tackle the most stubborn eye, lip and face makeup, but gentle enough to leave your skin hydrated and nourished. It's also infused with Coconut and Oat Extract and Probiotics to help keep your skin healthy.Gently exfoliate without drying your skin when you use Pixi's go-to Hydrating Milky Peel. This micro-peeling cream delicately removes dead skin cells to brighten your skin. This formula also contains Natural Cellulose, Coconut Extract, Oat Extract, and Probiotics for added moisture. Arginine also helps boost your skin's collagen and elastin production for youth-preserving effect.Moisturize and tone your skin with the use of our Milky Tonic. This facial toner calms, balances and hydrates your skin. Follow up with Hydrating Milky Mist, which contains Hyaluronic Acid, Pro-Vitamin A and Linoleic Acid. Use it as a skin-soothing layer before serums or makeup.Treat your skin to concentrated hydration with Hydrating Milky Serum. This nutrient-rich serum features a lightweight formula that instantly restores dehydrated skin as it nourishes your complexion. Follow this step with Hydrating Milky Lotion, which contains an ultra-moisturizing blend of Coconut Oil, Cocoa Bean Extract and Shea Butter.
Acacia Collagen is an essential protein for your skin and is what makes it look smooth and youthful. These Collagen vital proteins are what help keep your skin looking young and smooth. However, Collagen production lessens as you age, so it's important to replace what you lose by supplementing it with Acacia Collagen in your skincare routine.Incorporating Botanical Collagen-infused skincare products can help to repair fine lines and wrinkles and keep you looking youthful for much longer. This is where Pixi Beauty's Botanical Collagen Collection shines. Our best Collagen products can help you take advantage of all of Collagen's benefits for skin and keep your complexion looking Pixi perfect!An excellent way to deliver Botanical Collagen to the skin is with Collagen facial masks. Because these concentrated formulas stay on your skin for an extended time, they have the power to deliver Botanical Collagen deep into your skin.For a no-fuss multitasking face mask that you can do any day of the week, in the shower, try our In-Shower Steam Facial Mask. This gel mask uses steam from your shower or bath to transform into luxurious oil that sinks deep into your pores and delivers a healthy dose of Botanical Collagen and Peptides.Another great time-saving face mask is our Botanical Collagen Mask. This leave-on mask does not need to be washed off, which makes it a multitasking favourite and helps the mask deliver even more nutrients to your skin. This volume-boosting mask is a powerful hydrator and elasticity increaser thanks to the addition of Botanical Collagen and Amino Acids in the unique formula.If you prefer a more traditional face mask, try out our Volume Sheet Mask. This fantastic Botanical Collagen infused face mask is formulated to help give you firmer and healthier skin. Each one contains Botanical Collagen and Peptides, which deliver powerful smoothing and volumizing effects.Double your dose of Botanical Collagen in your Skintreats skincare routine by choosing one of our excellent Botanical Collagen facial serums. These serums are designed to be applied on clean, toned skin before your moisturizer.Our Botanical Collagen & Retinol Serum helps soften the appearance of fine lines by combining two of the most effective youth-preserving ingredients in skincare. In addition to Botanical Collagen and Retinol, this face serum also gives your skin a healthy dose of vitamins for added vitality and increased radiance.The delicate skin around your eyes is often the first place where your skin starts to age. Help restore, hydrate and brighten this delicate skin by using the Botanical Collagen Eye Serum. This go-to under-eye treatment features Botanical Collagen, hydrating Hyaluronic Acid and smoothing Adenosine.
Are you ready to have family and friends, and even perfect strangers complement you on how lovely your skin looks? Having blemish-free skin is a realistic goal when you use our collection of Pixi clarifying skincare products. We strongly believe that those with blemish-prone skin can achieve a healthy, rejuvenated complexion. Making a commitment to daily use of ourClarity cleanser,tonicandmoisturizeris a simple way to ensure your skin remains clear and radiant.
Cleaning Cleanser
Rejuvenated skin starts with a solid cleansing routine using theClarity Cleanser. This is an essential step in your deep cleansing skincare regimen, and we make it super simple. This cleanser contains Salicylic, Lactic and Glycolic Acids for the ultimate power trio to help purify. They offer a gentle way to remove accumulated bacteria, dirt, and oils from pores.
Tonic: The Middle Step
A complete acne skincare regimen should include some sort of toner as amiddle cleansing step. OurClarity Tonicplays this role and does it well. What you don’t need is a toner with alcohol, and ours is blissfully free of that ingredient. Instead, our formula provides your skin with a balance of pore cleansing acids and stimulating probiotics to reinforce the cleansing step. It also includes a potent mix of antioxidants for protection.
Hydrating and Minimizing Pores
It wouldn’t be a Pixi Beauty regimen without a final exfoliating and hydration step, and we give you wonderful options for keeping skin moisturized.Clarity Concentrateis a water-based serum which contains the same clarifying AHAs as our cleanser and tonic. In addition to probiotics for a balance boost, it also contains soothing aloe vera which provides hydration and healing support.
Clarity Lotionis an oil-free moisturizer that contains AHAs, aloe vera and our exclusive time-release Ceramide NP. It also has Kaolin clay for exceptional oil absorption. This lotion gives your skin a light matte finish and you can wear it alone or with your favoritePixi Skin Tint.
As one of nature’s most beautiful and fragrant flowers, the rose is often enjoyed as a beautiful decorative accent that lifts the spirits. This flower contains wonderful benefits that are both refreshing and calming to the skin. For thousands of years, people have been adding rose petals to water and essence oil to create natural beauty treatments. Now, thanks to Pixi, you can enjoy the amazing benefits of rose beauty treatments through our collection of rose-infused skincare products.
Rose Water for the Skin
Rose water is considered a timeless beauty formula passed down from one generation to the next. It may be simple, but it works like a charm, which is why rose water products remain popular. Our rose water is either atonicormist,and we create it using the finest quality rose extracts and oils. Rose water has natural anti-inflammatory properties. It can help soothe irritated skin and reduce redness. Plus, rose water helps to nourish skin and keep your complexion balanced.
Deeper Moisturizing
After cleansing skin with a rose-infused cleanser, you can envelop your skin with the richness of rose oil by choosing an oil-based moisturizer or ourRose Oil Blend. We combine the nourishing benefits of rose oil with complementary natural oils that hydrate the skin to alleviate dryness. These products can be used alone as a single day, night treatment or combined treatment with other rose skincare Skintreats.
Rose Kits
The only thing better than a single rose infused skintreat is akitcontaining several of our popular rose skin care products. Our kits contain travel-sized versions of a cleanser, with other products such as ourtonicorbalm. After buying one for yourself, consider grabbing one to give as a gift. Our rose-infused skincare and body products are guaranteed to last longer than fresh flowers and last longer!
The Retinol Skincare Collection at Pixi Beauty brings out the very best of your natural beauty with antioxidants and botanicals for a fresh, youthful appearance. Discover smoother, replenished skin with these multi-tasking powerhouses that get you glowing!
From our richJasmine Oil Blendto our multi-action Retinol Tonic to our exquisiteOvernight Retinol Oil, the youth-preserving retinol products in our collection replenish and nourish your skin for the best you yet. These serums, tonics, and moisturizers help rejuvenate skin and improve the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles so your skin glows with deeply nourished health.
Packed with all-natural youth-enhancing ingredients like Ceramides, Peptides and Botanical Oils, the retinol products in our collection are excellent for achieving a smoother, brighter complexion. Retinol refines pores whileJasmine Flower extractbalances your skin. Add these luxurious skincare products to your beauty regimen and you’ll discover how effortless natural beauty can be.
At Pixi Beauty, we’re all about listening to what your skin needs and simplifying your everyday beauty routine. Our multi-tasking Retinol products bring fuss-free skincare together with the best ingredients to enhance your natural beauty and get you glowing in no time. You don’t have hours every day to spend worrying about your appearance, so we make it easy to pamper and nourish your skin with high-quality cleansers, serums, and tonics you can trust.
Whether you’re looking for a super-nourishing Retinol Eye Cream to revitalize the delicate skin around your eyes and minimize fine lines or you want to overhaul your entire beauty regimen to awaken and brighten your skin for the long haul, the Retinol Skincare Collection at Pixi Beauty has you covered. We’ll help you bring out your best skin yet and get glowing!
Trust Pixi Beauty with all your skincare and body care needs by shopping our expertly formulated Bodytreats Collection. Pixi Beauty has infused the same beloved skin-loving ingredients found in their skintreats, into a Bodytreats collection. Shop the selection and find body wash, exfoliators and moisturizers that will give you that signature Pixi glow.Nourish and cleanse your skin in one step with Pixi Rose Body Cleanser. This cream body wash delivers deep hydration as it softens and cleanses your skin. Treat yourself to our cleanser formulated with skin-conditioning flower oils as well as Rose and Rosehip Extracts. This nourishing body cleanse is it's also infused with Lavender and Citrus Oils for added soothing and refreshing benefits.Remove dull skin gently with our dazzling Rose Body Polish. This unique formula is designed to be massaged onto your skin before your shower or bath. After it has been left on for 1 to 2 minutes, it can be rinsed off to reveal a radiant glow. This body exfoliator contains Lactic Acid and fruit extracts, which help brighten and clarify your skin. It also contains a Rose Petal-Infused Sugar Scrub, which offers manual exfoliation.Make sure that your skin stays soft and supple by moisturizing it with Pixi Rose Body Balm. This body lotion is lightweight and nourishing. Moisture-locking Shea Butter and nourishing Rosehip Seed Oil provide silky smooth skin all over your body.Discover your most hydrated and glowing skin yet, with the Glow Body Glycolic collection. The Glycolic Body Wash provides powerful properties of Glycolic Acid to help improve skin texture while cleansing the skin. The Glycolic Body Peel leaves skin looking silky smooth, hydrated supple and prepped for body moisturizer. This soothing and toning body peel contains Glycolic and Lactic Acids to help lift away dry, dull skin. For healthy-looking skin, use the Glycolic Body Lotion which contains a unique blend of Aloe, Grape Seed Oil and Ginseng to intensely hydrate and restore skin.Another great way to achieve all-over skin hydration and illumination is by using Pixi Body Glow Mist. This fuss-free moisturizing body mist is designed to hydrate your skin while it provides essential nutrients. Infused with a mixture of fruit oils and extracts, this all-over body mist gives you supple and dewy skin.For a unique and versatile moisturizer that can be used on your body, face, lips and hair, try Pixi On-the-Glow multi-use Moisture Stick. This solid moisturizer is travel-friendly and designed to provide instant hydration while improving long-term moisture levels for Pixi perfect skin. It's formulated with gently exfoliating Glycolic Acid and revitalizing Ginseng. As one more skincare perk, it's also infused with Vitamin D2, which is a powerful antioxidant.
Add a Pixi Beauty blush to your makeup routine to get a healthy burst ofcolourfor a youthful complexion.
Our best-sellingOn-the-Glow Blushis a multi-use treat that not only gives a beautifulcolourpayoff, but also has skin-loving benefits!
Enhance your natural radiance effortlessly with three universally flattering dewy hues: Juicy, Fleur and Ruby.For a customcolourthat is unique to you,On-the-GlowCheekToneis formulated with a pH reactive ingredientthat gives a natural and healthy-looking flush ofcolour.Infused with Ginseng, Aloe Vera and Fruit Extracts to hydrate and nourish while you wear, this hint-of-a-tint balm will leave both lips and cheeks flushed andglowing.
If your complexion is on the oilier side and you prefer powder-based makeup, Glow-y Powder is a perfect solution. This silky-soft powder enhances your glow and adds luminosity for perfectly highlighted features!
Beautify your complexion in an instant with Pixi’sSheer Cheek Gel. This sheer, translucent gel creates a beautifully natural flush ofcolourto the cheeks, leaving you looking fresh, healthy, and radiant all day long! Available in 3 universally flattering hues: Flushed, Natural and Rosy.
Ifyou’relooking for a blush that also has a multitude of skin-loving benefits, ourColourtreatblushes are perfect for you. The+Rose Glow-Y Powderis Infused with Rose Extract, Ferulic Acid and Jojoba, this powder will keep your skin luminously light-reflecting all day! Use as a natural blush or a glowing highlighter. The+C Vit Glow-y Powderis a super silky natural mineral powder that leaves a luminous finish and treats with Vitamin-C, Ferulic Acid and Vitamin-E.
Find everything you need to fully stock your cosmetic collection when you shop the selection of no-fuss makeup and beauty supplies from Pixi Beauty. These Pixi by Petra cosmetics are designed with the expertise of a professional makeup artist so that you can be sure you’re getting the easy-to-use, high-quality formulas you demand. This selection features makeup for your complexion, eye makeup, makeup for your cheeks, a variety of lipsticks and balms and an entire rainbow of nail polish.
Every makeup look begins with a good base. Find this in our selection of makeup primers. Primer will help the rest of your cosmetics adhere better and last longer after application. After priming, hide any pesky skin flaws you may be experiencing with a skin-correcting concealer. After you’ve concealed your blemishes, give your skin a lovely, even tone with our comfortable and feather-light foundations and face powders. Bronzers, brighteners and contour makeup can then help you darken and highlight different areas of your face in order to give dimension to your solid-colored foundation.
Eye makeup can be applied a variety of different ways to create a natural or dramatic look. One of the easiest ways to customize your makeup look is through the use of eyeliner. Shop our pencil eyeliner, liquid eyeliner and eyeliner makeup brushes to personalize your look. Big lashes are an absolute necessity when it comes to cosmetics. Shop the selection of mascara and lash primer to find the perfect tube for your eyelashes. Add a pop of color or a dark smokiness to your eye makeup with one of our eye shadow palettes. Make sure that your eyebrows are bold and full with our brow pencils and brow powder. We also offer a selection of eye brighteners that are designed to make your eyes shine.
Give your complexion a healthy glow with our selection of cheek makeup. This includes blush powder, cheek stain, brightening powder and contour makeup. You’ll also find all of the brushes and application tools you need to get the perfect look. The final step for your face makeup is to choose the perfect shade of lipstick or hydrating lip balm. Browse our collection of long-lasting matte liquid lipstick, lip liner, lip gloss, lipstick and lip balm to find your favorite lip candy. Make your color last longer by prepping with our lip polish. Finally, find your new favorite nail polish shade in our vast selection of stylish nail polish colors.
Pixi Beauty gets a little cheeky with our Cheeks Collection of multi-taskers that help put your best face forward. Get the youthful glow you crave with our gorgeous collection of powders, balms and gels that highlight your best assets and add radiance!
Our makeup is also skincare, so it treats your skin while wearing it. Whether you choose a deluxe bronzer for a naturally sun-kissed look,Glow-Y powderfor a hint of allover radiance orOn-the-Glow Blushfor fuss-free two-in-one lip and cheek colour, our cheeky collection nourishes while it beautifies.
The silky powders in our Cheeks Collection are made with natural minerals for feather-light coverage and light-reflecting highlights. OurPixiGlow Cakeadds a healthy flush to your face while nourishing your skin with Ceramides and Peptides that help volumize  and protect. Aloe Vera, Shea Butter, and Rose Hip Oil bring luxurious texture and nourishment that enhance and refine your complexion for a more radiant and youthful look.
Simplify your beauty routine with our contour and blush palettes that take multi-tasking to a new level. Using our professional caliber brushes, sweep on sheer colour to highlight and define your features and add a lovely glow to brows, lids and cheeks. These palettes give you options for a sweet and natural daytime glow or a more dramatic take when you’re heading out for the night.
The Cheeks Collection at Pixi Beauty includes all the cheek makeup you need to maximize your complexion’s natural radiance. We’ve carefully chosen ingredients that bring out your best and formulated them into skincare products that enhance your natural beauty while benefitting your skin.
With Pixi Beauty, you can look and feel your best in just a few minutes. Go ahead — get glowing!
Add a luminous look to your skin with these Pixi Beauty bronzers. With silky smooth formulas that are made to last all day, you can achieve a sun-kissed glow in seconds. Sweep these deluxe bronzing powders over your skin to add instant warmth and radiance to your look. It’s easy, it’s fast and it’s gentle on your skin. Learn more about our oil-free bronzers to discover how Pixi Beauty takes a different approach to makeup.
Easy Illuminating Effects
At Pixi Beauty, we love finding new ways to simplify your everyday makeup routine. Our goal is to create cosmetics for everyone that wants to reveal their natural radiance. Our effortless, oil-free bronzersoffer an easy way to enhance your natural beauty in an effortless way. These fuss-free formulas are easy to apply withPixi makeup brushesso you can quickly add a bit of gorgeous glow to your look. Use a simple combination of highlighting and bronzing shades to create a contoured look that doesn’t leave behind a caked-on feeling. Instead, these lightweight bronzers are perfectly pigmented to give you a sun-kissed glow in seconds. Our glowing bronzer reviews reveal how much our customers love the illuminating effects.
Good for Your Skin
Our Pixi bronzers are made to make your skin look good as well as providing skin-loving benefits. These formulas work as you wear them, so each application gives you a confidence-boosting look while treating and pampering your skin. Our bronzers feature smooth, hydrating formulas that help with dry skin. They’re gentle on skin and feature natural ingredients like Grape Seed Oil and Vitamin E to nourish and protect. Choose from theBeauty Bronzer + Kabukiset or thePixiGlow Cakepalette to finish off your simple makeup routine with a natural-looking, warm radiance to yourcheeks.
Enjoy a glowing and luminous shine from Pixi’s plethora of universally flattering highlighters! With just one sweep of any of our shimmering powders, palettes or sticks, you can see an instantglow and luminouspayoff. Highlighter is the perfect way to complete a makeup look for an elevated and elegant finish.
Our Pixi Beauty highlighters are designed to reflect light for a radiantly effortless effect. Lighten and brighten your complexion to complete a contoured look with Pixi highlighters.
OurOn-the-GlowSuperGlowis a solid balm highlighter that instantly brightens and adds radiance in justone swipe.Formulated with Ginseng, Aloe Vera and a unique mix of Fruit Extracts, this glowing balm provides a hint of a natural highlight while hydrating and conditioning skin.
Pixi’s highlighter collection ranges from more nude and naturalcolourslike our Glow-Y Powdersand Beauty Blush Duo to more pink shades such as ourPixiGlowCake.
The Eyes Collection at Pixi Beauty lets you see all the possibilities for your best look yet, from sweet and natural to smoky and intense. We’ve curated the best fuss-free natural eye makeup to help you achieve the stunningly flawless and head-turning look you crave.
Start with our botanical-infused primers and brighteners that minimize lines and recharge delicate skin for a smooth base. These multi-taskers restore vibrancy to tired eyes, reducing puffiness and hydrating your skin for a seamless canvas that helps your shadows and liners stay true to colour and smudge-free all day long.
Then build your unique look with our extensive collection of eyeshadow palettes,eyeliner pencils, naturalmascarasand more. Whether you’re going for the perfect cat eye or a glitzy layered effect for a night on the dance floor, you’ll find all the long-wearing products you desire at Pixi Beauty.
From dimensional brow powders for naturally intense shading to twinklingglitter-y palettesthat add reflective drama to bare lids or atop other shades, we’ve collected a wide range of eye makeup styles to pair with your personality. Formulated with gorgeous botanical extracts, like soothingAloeBarbadensis leaf, refreshing Lavender Water and calming Chamomile, these treats will nourish your eye area for enhanced beauty in the long term.
Tame yourbrows, line your lids and contour with natural eye makeup made with ingredients that bring out your best. At Pixi Beauty, our makeup is also skincare, so it treats your skin while wearing it. Find your perfectpalettein our Eyes Collection, and let your eyes do the talking with a glow that speaks volumes.
Make sure you look refreshed and ready for the day with the help of these Pixi Beauty eye brighteners, including eyeshadow primer, highlighter cream and more.
Turn up the radiance on youreye makeupwith Pixi Beauty eye brightener cosmetics. It’s the perfect way to achieve that fully refreshed, had-a-good-night’s-sleep effect in seconds. You’ll love that these simple eye makeup products instantly add a luminous look to your face. The subtle radiance and lighter tones help to emphasize your lovely eyes while also creating a naturally beautiful look you can wear all day long. Check out these unique products to find out how Pixi Beauty has developed the best eye brighteners.
Revitalize Your Eyes
When tired eyes make you look dull, a fresh look is easily achievable. Because these products are so easy to apply, you’ll quickly discover that our Pixi eye brighteners are a must-have in your makeup kit. With multiple products available, you can choose the best way to enhance your natural beauty. Apply a light-coloredeyeliner,like ourEndless Silky Eye Pen,to the inner rim to make eye whites look whiter and achieve that wide-awake look. To erase dullness and blur dark circles, we recommend trying our+C Vit UnderEye Brightener. These eye treats work better together to brighten up and enliven the eye area.
Discover Youthful Effects
In addition to livening up your look,eye brightenersallow the years to just melt away. These fresh-faced products naturally add a youthful radiance to your face. Some even offer extra benefits, like ourCorrection Concentratewhich erases darkness while softening and blurring fine lines. By simply adding a little extra glow to your eye area, you can erase dullness and get an energized appearance. Try these Pixi eye brightener serums, pencils, creams and more to enjoy illuminating effects that reveal your intrinsic beauty.
Elevate your look in an instant with these effortless eye shadows from Pixi Beauty. Our smooth, silky formulas are so easy to apply and are designed for long-lasting wear, making your makeup routine more streamlined than ever before. Whether you want a specific shade or a palette filled with gorgeous hues,you’ll love our selection of eye shadow products.Check out the full collection of Pixi by Petra eye shadows and brushes to find products to enhance your natural beauty.
Our Most Popular Pixi Eye Shadow Products
When it comes to Pixi makeup, eyeshadows are some of ourbest sellers. Our customers can’t get enough of our Pixi eye shadow palettes, which feature a range of luminous hues from which to choose. These curated combinations of colors allow you to create stunning looks and experiment with different styles. You can easily complement any outfit or makeup look by choosing from the various shades in your palette.
For on-the-go eye shadow application, it doesn’t get any better than ourEyeLift Max. This product is so easy to take along for touchups during the day or for traveling light. The swipe-on style makes them simple to apply, so they’re perfect for a quick sweep as you head out the door.
Discover radiant colors with our collection of Pixi liners for eyes and lips. If you’re tired of drugstore eyeliner and prefer better quality, you’ll be delighted at what we have to offer. Our liners are made with natural ingredients that help promote healthy skin. They are also designed to be long-lasting and resistant to water. There’s a Pixi eyeliner color and finish for every occasion!
Achieve Any Look
Whether you prefer light makeup that preserves your clean, natural look or enjoy creating vibrant makeup looks, our liners can help you achieve eye-awakening enhancements to beautifully complement your look. Create thin lines, medium lines or thick lines at your discretion. Enjoy a vintage cat eye look? We can help you with that. Some of our eyeliners feature innovative designs that make it simple to control your liner application. Experiment with natural and glam looks to your heart’s content with our wide variety of liners.
The Best Waterproof Shades
You can always use our black eyeliner for just about any look you want to create. However, when you feel like exploring other waterproof liner colors, we make it super easy to do. Our best-sellingEndless Silky Eye Pencomes in a wide range of fashionable colors that look great on numerous skin tones. These shades glide on smoothly and remain there all day or night without retouching.
Gorgeous Combos
If you love using liner shadow colors, ourEndless Shade Stickis a great choice for your makeup collection. This multipurpose eye pencil gives you the flexibility to use as an eyeshadow and a highlighter. We also offer liner shade sticks and convenient sets with several colors.
Make your eyes look even more alluring with mascaras by Pixi Beauty. Just a few swipes with thiseye makeupmust-have will help to volumize your lashes for a lovely, eye-catching appearance. This simple makeup step is a quick and easy way to “wake up” your face with subtle definition. Learn more about our collection of Pixi by Petra mascaras to discover which formula to add to your makeup routine.
Volumize and Lift Your Lashes
Ready to switch to a foolproof mascara? Whether you want darker, longer, or thicker lashes, we’ve got just what you need. Our Pixi mascara collection includes a variety of formulas designed to deliver the beautiful results you want. Choose from ourLarge Lash Mascarafor a bolder look with extra-voluminous lashes or ourLash Booster Mascarathat curls and thickens in a single step, making it the ultimate last lift mascara for a streamlined makeup routine. We even offer ourLower Lash Mascarawith a brush designed specifically to target those tiny lower lashes for extra definition. Choose from these and other formulas to get the luscious lashes you deserve.
Made with Skin-Safe Ingredients
Your lashes are delicate, which is why we make sure that no harsh ingredients are included in our eye makeup products. When you browse through this collection, you will find vegan fiber mascaras that are never tested on animals and formulas that feature nourishing ingredients, such as Vitamin E, to keep lashes healthy and strong. Like all our cosmetics, Pixi Beauty mascaras are designed to be gentle yet effective. Simplify your makeup needs and enhance your natural beauty with a mascara from this collection at Pixi Beauty.
Create stylish brows in seconds with the help of these eyebrow makeup products from Pixi Beauty. Whether you’re looking to tame wily hairs or add a little extra definition to lighter-colored brows, we’ve got a simple, straightforward solution. Withmakeupdesigned for those who want to look their most natural self, we focus on easy application and long-lasting wear to make sure you enjoy a fuss-free experience. Discover a variety of popular brow gels and pencils in this Pixi Beauty cosmetics collection.
How to Get Beautiful Brows
Bolder brows are back in, and if you’ve been looking for an easy way to upgrade your look, this is it. Fortunately, these products won’t add a lot of time to your makeup routine. Instead, they’re super easy to apply, giving you effortless brow-enhancing results.To correct brow shape and add a little color, use theNatural Brow Duowhich swipes on in a single step. It’s a simple yet satisfying way to create a more eye-catching look.
Keep Your Eyebrows Under Control
Once you achieve the perfect brow color and shape, it’s important to make sure that everything stays exactly as it did when you put it on in front of the mirror. Our brow gels are perfect for making sure your look is maintained throughout the day, eliminating the need for touchups. UseBrow Tamerto get a clear gel that defines and shapes for the ideal finishing touch. If you’re going for an especiallyradiant result, ourEndless Shade Stickadds a soft, golden sheen for a subtly illuminated effect to create the look of fuller brows. With a variety of easy-to-apply brow pencils and gels, Pixi Beauty is the best resource for foolproof eyebrow makeup.
Pixi Eye Palettes make for the perfect gift to yourself,familyor a friend. Each palette is unique in its shade offerings. Browse our collection of palettes to find one that best suits you!
Bow meets glow with ourPixi + Hello Kitty Eye Effects Palette. This limited-edition palette is cheerful and a suit-all combo that will add luminous definition and lid-luster, energizing the eyes to glowing perfection! Theseblendable, buildable pigments flatter effortlessly with the added skin-adoring benefits of Vitamin E, CeramideNPand Green Tea.
OurTones & Texturespalettecontainsa range of 25 super silky eyeshadows, so the makeup look options are endless! These stunning shades are infused with skin-loving Natural Mica, VitaminEand skin conditioning Emollients.
Need a palette you can take on the go?Eye Effectscomes in twostyles of compact palettes with beautiful, smooth blending shades.
Give your natural glow a boost with the Complexion Collection from Pixi Beauty. Our botanical formulas soothe and nourish your skin in fuss-free beautifiers that help you get that flawless look you crave without spending hours on your beauty routine.
Here’s the secret for how to get flawless makeup coverage: Choose foundation and concealer made with ingredients that bring out your best by enhancing your natural beauty while benefiting your skin.
We formulate all our non-comedogenic makeup with botanical extracts that nourish your skin to help improve texture and appearance over time. We’re not interested in just covering up flaws — we want your skin to glow with inner health!
That’s why we infuse all our complexion-enhancing products with natural extracts like Rosemary to brighten, Chamomile and Rose Hip Seed to soothe, Gingko Biloba to boost circulation and Green Tea Leaf for youth-preserving antioxidants. When you apply ourBeauty BalmorH2O SkinTint, you’ll instantly see and feel how these ingredients pamper and nurture your skin for a brighter, more youthful glow.
Our Complexion Collection includes all the multi-tasking options you need — including light, breathable makeup for sensitive skin and primers for all skin types that minimize the look of pores.
Whether you’re looking for the ultimate multi-tasker that moisturizes, blocks UV rays and evens skin tone all in one or you’re building your makeup kit from the primer up, our Complexion Collection has everything you need. From clever concealers to magical mineral powders to lightweight soft-focus finishers, you’ll find makeup that enhances your natural beauty and gets you glowing.
Don’t forget our amazingCorrection Concentrate— Petra’s secret for a fresh, well-rested look that she calls “a good night’s sleep in a jar.”
Our makeup is also skincare, so looking your best with Pixi Beauty every day helps you achieve the long-term glow of healthy, nourished skin for a lifetime. Go ahead — get glowing!
Enjoy a flawless look with these must-have Pixi concealers. You don’t have to spend hours on your makeup in order to look and feel fabulous all day. These concealers quickly cover up and blend in to give you a fresh, luminous look. With different formulations and applications, it’s easy to find the best concealers for your uniquecomplexion. Make your makeup routine as effortless as possible with these Pixi Beauty products.
Reveal Your Best Looks
Our Pixi Beauty concealers are designed to enhance your natural beauty. To help you achieve a flawless look, our concealers feature buildable coverage that allows you to easily adjust your application for the perfect finish. With thePat Away Concealing Base, you get long-lasting coverage along with powerful antioxidant protection for your skin. Discover a “good night's sleep in a jar” with the highly pigmentedCorrection Concentrate. A few touches here and there can make all the difference in elevating your everyday look.
Concealers Our Customers Love
If you’re still deciding which product is right for you, our concealer reviews can help you find your best fit. Learn how much our customers love the lightweight formulas as well as the natural-looking effects. That’s what makes our concealers so unique; rather than covering up perceived imperfections, we simply help reveal your natural beauty in the easiest way possible. Choose from our collection of concealers andPixi makeup brushesto get everything you need for a flawless finish.
Wear makeup while still looking like your natural self with selections from the Pixi natural foundation collection. Pixi foundation comes in a variety of colour blends and formulations. Whether you prefer to wear a powder or tinted liquid foundation, all are created with the best hydrating blends for a fantastic natural glow. Relax and browse the entire collection for illuminating foundations or a tinted moisturizer that provides minimal coverage. I’ve also included the perfect foundation brushes for fast and fuss-free application. Now, you have all you need to create your everyday look.
Fabulous Foundation Powder
Foundation powder should do more than just provide a dusting of matte finish; it should also hydrate and nourish the skin. Pixipowder foundationis infused with hydrating ingredients, vitamins and minerals that help maintain the health and youthfulness of your skin. We also offer different colour correcting formulas for balancing skin tone. Choose your favourite lightweight, non-flaky, hydrating, hypoallergenic blend for fabulous, reliable coverage. Find the best foundation powder for everyday and special occasions today!
Fresh-Faced Liquid Foundations
Achieve the flawless face you desire with a selection of Pixi liquid-based foundations. These foolproof foundations nourish your skin, while providing the amount of buildable coverage you want. Select aBeauty Balmin a flattering shade for an effortless, lovely complexion day or night. Or select an oil-free foundation that’s delightfully weightless underneath other makeup.
Tinted Natural Foundation
Prefer water-based foundations? PixiSkinTintformulas, also known as tinted moisturizers, give you light coverage for an all-day glow-y look that enhances your natural beauty. These formulas are water-resistant and long-lasting whether you’re at work, running errands, working out or at the beach.SkinTintis ideal for all skin types – sensitive skin too.
Pixi makeup primers come in a variety of skin nourishing formulas to help keep your face looking fresh and energized throughout the day and night. Browse our collection to find a natural makeup primer that perfectly fits with your skin care and makeup regimen. If you’re looking for a quality primer oil to use daily, we’ve got you covered. We offer rich and creamy primer formulas infused with vitamins and botanical extracts. Use a Pixi primer to enhance your complexion or eye area.
Why We Love Makeup Primers
It’s always our goal to help you achieve the flawless look of your dreams. Primers are an excellent way to accomplish this goal. They act as a protective layer between your skin and the makeup you wear. Pixi primer applies smoothly and absorbs quickly to create a smooth surface for makeup application. With a primer, you can cover blemishes, flaky dry patches and blotches. Once your face is primed, makeup tends to last longer and appear more even. Select the type of primer that gives you the kind of coverage you desire.
Flawless Skin Primer
Pixi flawless primer comes in distinctive formulas and all formulas contain ingredients that provide abundant hydration. If you want to cover up pores (and fine lines), choose ourFlawless & Porelesshydrating primer. This primer helps blur pores and absorbs oily shine while skin-loving ingredients support the prevention of breakouts. Skin feels like silky cashmere and looks amazing.
Brightening Primer
Keep your makeup looking fresh all day with a primer that gives your skin that dew-kissed luster you enjoy so much. To achieve flawless skin goals, we recommend the+C Vit Priming OilandFlawless Beauty Primer. These primers are simple additions to create glow-y skin with a youthful appearance.
Simplify your makeup routine with cosmetic powders from Pixi Beauty. Sweeping some of our lightweight powder across your skin is a fast and easy way to enhance your natural beauty. And with unique formulas designed to deliver specific results, your most flattering look is suddenly within reach. Whether you want to achieve a radiant glow, enjoy buildable foundation coverage, or quickly contour your face, you’ll find the perfect facial powder for you in this collection. Learn more about our powder makeup products and accessories to see how Pixi Beauty can streamline your everyday makeup routine.
Cosmetic Powders You’ll Love
Our selection of powder makeup includes a wide variety of products, each with its own unique benefits. OurGlow-y Powdersare all about radiance, giving you a luminous look that highlights your best features. Top it off withH2O Skinveilfor a velvety touch and porcelain effect while achieving a soft-focus finish. The powders in ourmakeup collectionare designed to help look your most beautiful self with a fuss-free makeup routine.
Makeup That Treats Your Skin
At Pixi Beauty, our makeup is also skincare, so it treats skin while enhancing your natural beauty! Our natural mineral powders have a feather-light texture that never feels thick or cakey on your skin. Instead, it delivers a boost of natural components to make your skin look its best whether you’re wearing makeup or not. Our powders feature ingredients like soothing Cucumber Extract, nourishing Vitamin E, moisturizing Coconut Oil and brightening Vitamin C. If you want makeup that makes your skin better rather than just covering it up,Pixi Beauty cosmeticsfor your complexion is the way to go.
Get a gorgeous, luminous look when you use skin-brightening makeup from Pixi Beauty. Our brighteners are designed to deliver effortless glowing effects, so you get a polished look without having to spend tons of time on your makeup routine. These fuss-free powders, primers and other illuminating cosmetics also feature lightweight formulas that won’t weigh down your skin. Learn more about how you can look radiant and ravishing with the help of Pixi Beauty brighteners.
Highlight Your Best Features
Adding glow to your skin is one of the best ways to enhance your natural beauty. The subtle radiance helps to highlight your best features and give you a fresh-faced look. This collection includes brighteners that can be used to add a little extra luminosity to any area you wish to emphasize. Achieve a lustrous look withFlawless Beauty Primer. Give your cheekbones a lift with ourGlow-y Powderfeaturing prismatic particles. Use eye brightener cosmetics such as under eye brighteners andeye linersto make eyes look larger and livelier. These products help “wake up” your face, erasing dullness as they illuminate your skin.
Playful Palettes for Brightening
At Pixi Beauty, we have something for every makeup user. If you want go-to products for a streamlined makeup routine, we’ve got you covered. But if you like to experiment with different styles, colors and looks, our palettes can satisfy your creative urges. Our highlighting palettes are particularly popular because they allow you to play with different shades on your cheeks and eyes. The creamy powders leave behind a smooth, natural finish, so it never feels heavy even if you want to layer different shades for a custom hue. Capture the light to create a beautiful glowing look with brightening makeup from Pixi Beauty. For the ultimate glowing results, use these cosmetics alongside ourPixi Glow skin care products.
Keep your lips kissably soft and gorgeous with the Lip Collection at Pixi Beauty. Our selection of balms, glosses, lipsticks, and palettes brings nourishment and care to your lips with a soft kiss of color. Whether you’re going for an understated nude lip that’s super-hydrated and pure or making a bold statement with layered color and a shimmering finish, our collection has you covered.
Let your lipsblossom with our NEW+HydraLipTreats, these luxurious balms come in 7 universally flattering shades. The buildablecoloursglide on with ease while Avocado Oil, Shea Butter and Hyaluronic Acid condition and nourish.LipLiftMaxis ourbestlip glossand lip plumper that is packed with Peptides and soothing oils.
When you want to take the drama up a notch, try ourMatteLast Liquid Lip&Botanical Collagen LipGlosscombo for a long-lasting stained effect you can wear alone or top with the natural brilliance of a hydrating gloss. Or dive into one of our curated palettes for an array of lip colours you can mix and match for your own personal expression.
Add instant glam to bare lips or any of our rich lipsticks or stains with our shimmeringLip Icingand you’ll really turn heads. Not only does this gleaming gloss provide an instant glow but it’s infused withRose HipandMarula oilsto nourish your lips for long-lasting hydration.
All our lip colors are drenched in pigment and brimming with nourishing goodness, so go ahead and try them all! Nude, matte or long-lasting gloss, you’ll kiss boring lips goodbye with the Lip Collection from Pixi Beauty.
Enhancethelips effortlessly with our collection of luxuriouslipbalms andbest liptreatments.Hydrate your lips day to night with our Pixi + Hello KittyLipSerums.DayGlowgives a sheer, buildablecolourthatis pH adaptiveand leaves the lips hydrated and glowing.NightBalmis the perfect treat for your nighttime routine! Formulated with Jojoba Seed Oil, Shea Butter &Vitamin-Eto protect and deeply nourish while you sleep.
Pixi BeautyColourtreatsare the perfect blend ofcolourand skin-loving ingredients. Our+C Vit Lip Brighteneris infused with a VitaminC core that brightens and promotes collagen production. The subtle hint of peachy tintmakesthis lip balm wearable for every day.The ultimate lip-loving treat would be our+Rose Lip Nourisher. It gives just a hint of a tint with a healthy shine, formulated with Rosehip Oil, Jojoba Seed Oil and Vitamin E to soften andnourish.
Pucker up and add a plush veil of flatteringcolourto your lips with Pixi Beauty lipstick.
Whetheryou’relooking for a matte finish or a silky appearance, Pixi has a suitable lipstick for you.
Our best-sellingTintFixcomes in 5 smudge-freecolours.TintFixismulti-use treat that adds a hydrating and soft-focuscolourveil to lips and cheeks. This enlivening hint-of-a-hue is packed with Rosehip Oil, Jojoba Oil and Raspberry Leaf Extract.
Sunflower basedlipstick;Naturelle Lipcomes in 6 demi-matte finishes. This lipstick seals in hydration for plush, plump looking lips.
For sheer, buildablecolourthat leaves lips softer after each use, ourLipGlowmakes on-the-go application effortless.LipGlownourishes the lips with Shea Butter and hydrates with Mango.
A fun twist on the traditional lipstick is ourCream Rouge Palette. This palette is complete with 25 different creamycolours. The multi-use cream shadepalettescolourscan be used solo or combined with other shades to make uniquecolours. This palette was co-created by Louise Roe with Pixi.
Hug your lips with the comforting and caringMatteLastLiquid Lip. All 14 of these hues are infusedwithRosehip Oil and Vitamin-E.
Shopping online is exciting when you find special Pixi Beauty skin care products exclusively available on the website. Our collection of Pixi Online Exclusives offers deals and opportunities not available elsewhere. So, whether you’re looking for Pixi beauty products for morning and evening routines, exclusive combination kits or quality makeup tools for your beauty collection, you’re in for a real treat. Get it online and enjoy a carefree, easy shopping experience.
Give Your Skin a Youthful Glow
Have you always wanted skin that glows with youthful vitality at any age? Here’s your chance to make that happen. Among our exclusives are skin care products designed to help you achieve brighter, healthier skin that looks great from the moment you wake up to the moment you fall asleep. Start by browsing our selection of skin care duos, trios and combo kits that feature some of our most popular skin care treatments.
We’ve taken all the guesswork out of what products to choose for your daily routine. For example, these favourite product combos such as ourComplexion-Clarifying Trioinclude a cleanser, oil serum and lotion from one of our popular skincare lines. This is a great way to try a new line or to give someone you know the gift of beautiful skin.
Create Day or Night Looks
Pixi Beauty products also include our line of high-qualitymakeup essentials. Pixi makeup complements our skin care products for fuss-free application. Plus, our makeup is also made with quality natural ingredients that hydrate and nurture your skin, so you get to enjoy all-day beauty. Find colours that help you create a natural look for the daytime. Our makeup can create stunning nighttime looks for dinner dates and other evening events, too.
Need a Great Makeup Brush?
The right makeup brush can help you easily achieve a flawless look, and Pixi offers professional stylemakeup brushesfor your collection. Our brushes use synthetic hair and feel soft and gentle next to your skin.
Meet your beauty sidekick,Pixi Beauty’s NailColours!Nail polishesavailableina variety ofuniversally flattering shades that complement all skin tones, witha few strokesgethigh definitioncolourfor a natural nail look oruniquenailartdesigns.Achieve vibrant, ultra-glossynailswith achip-resistant finishthatwon’tquit!
Pixi Beauty BundlesThese holiday bundlescombineseveral curatedproductsinto oneconvenient, value-priced package. Order a skincare kit packed with some of our best-selling products or choosea makeupsamplekit to try out the season’s most popularcolors.When it comes to skincare, Pixi Beauty has you covered. Find sets to nourish, moisturize, and pamper your skin.We offer gift sets for every skin type and every beauty need that are perfect to gift your loved ones for the holidays or a special occasion.Once your skincare is under control, give yourself a new look with a Pixi Beauty makeup bag or set of makeup brushes.
Created over 25 years ago and launched in our flagship boutique in Soho, London, Pixi has a loyal worldwide following thanks to its pure, awakening & skin-loving products that create a naturally radiant 'just had a good night's sleep' look.
"Pixi is all about youth enhancing multipurpose products to make you look like you, only better."
Designed to bring out the best in your skin, our Glow Collection essentials work quietly in the background, so your skin does all the talking.
The charming original Glow, Blush, Bronze, and Superglow set unfolded a subtle hue with a sweep in a versatile beauty tool perfect for everyone.
Petra’s Rose Collection, inspired by the skin-adoring benefits of her favourite flower, is a trusted go-to for an instantly raised radiance.
Inspired by memories of the hue created from crushing berries, this formula is infused with soothing Aloe Vera, giving a natural rosy flush.
Shimmering showstoppers are enriched with skin-loving ingredients like soothing Rosehip and calming Chamomile, so your lids feel as good as they look.
Our most special collaboration, inspired by HelloKitty's bow-tiful flair, these skin-loving formulas will let your inner radiance shine.
Our Founder
Petra Strand
Creator, Petra Strand has 25+ years of experience as a makeup artist & product developer. Passionate about skincare, Petra creates innovative formulations that are infused with botanicals and beneficial ingredients.Petra has real-world experience as a busy working mother of four, therefore Pixi is truly about multitasking, flaw-fixing, youth-enhancing products for when you're on-the-go with no time to spare.
For over 25 years, Petra has been dedicated to enhancing the natural beauty in everyone! With a passion for skin-loving ingredients, Pixi was created to make you feel like the best version of you.
Pixi has a loyal worldwide following thanks to high quality, natural and effective skincare, as well as makeup, infused with its skin-loving ingredients.
Cruelty Free
Skin-loving Ingredients
Multi-purpose
25+ Years of Glow
On-the-Glow Bronze was featured in "Time For a Mocha Makeover" in Us Weekly.
Our NEW Overnight Spot Stickers were featured in the GQ article titled, How to Get Rid of a Pimple as Quickly as Possible.
Our +Hydra LipTreat was awarded "Best Tinted Lip Balm" in the People Magazine 2024 Beauty Awards.
Liquid Fairy Lights was featured in Los Angeles Magazine's The Sports Issue. Our light-reflecting glitter eyeshadow in shade Lagoon was showcased in the Makeup feature, "Feeling Blue: Bright And Bold...
Our On-the-Glow BASE was featured in The Zoe Report's article, "The Era Of Butter Skin Is Here." Our new blurring hero was mentioned as one of "The Best Makeup Products...
On-the-Glow BASE was featured in a Glamour article titled, "How to Apply Tinted Moisturizer, According to a Pro Makeup Artist."
Our Glow Peel Pads were in the latest issue of First For Women magazine in the article, Skin That Glows And Glows.
Enjoy 10% savings on every refill - because skincare should be as seamless as it is effective.
Shop! Choose the products you want to subscribe to and click Subscribe & Save.
Schedule! Set your preferred delivery window then add the product to cart.
Ship! Finish checking out to receive your 10% off every delivery!
Subscribe & Save On Your Pixi Treats
Exclusive Perks
Our Auto-Replenish subscription service ensures you won’t run out of your favourite Pixi products. Sign up and you will automatically receive your subscription items at the frequency of your choice for 10% off. You can customise and update your subscription settings anytime.
We will notify you before each delivery or if there are any problems with your account, making it easy for you to keep track of your subscriptions.
Manage your subscription preference at any time from yourAccount Pageor reach out to Customer Service for additional support atcustomercare@pixibeauty.com.
Click on the product you would like to receive on subscription and make sure “Subscribe & Save” is selected.
You can choose the frequency that it is delivered – options include every 30, 60, 90, 120 or 180 days. Make this selection and then add it to your cart.
Then checkout as normal and receive 10% off your item at every delivery. Standard delivery fees apply.
Yes! If you notice you aren’t using up your products before your next delivery, you can skip your upcoming order or change the frequency of your subscription.
To skip your upcoming order:
YOU WILL NOT BE BILLED FOR A SKIPPED ORDER
To change the frequency of your subscription:
You can cancel your subscription or pause it in yourAccount portalat any time.
You can also reach out to Customer Service for additional support atcustomercare@pixibeauty.comfor additional support.
To check the status of your orders, you can log into yourAccount pageand select Subscriptions. In the subscription portal you are able to see the status of upcoming orders as well as edit your subscriptions.
Subscription products follow the same return policy as non-subscription products. Please see ourReturn Policyfor more details.
Unless stated otherwise, discounts do not apply to subscription products, since they are already offered at a discounted rate.
Not all products are available on subscription. If you are interested in subscribing to a product not currently available on subscription, please reach out to our Customer Service teamcustomercare@pixibeauty.com.
Subscription
Look like you - only better - with skin-loving, youth preserving products from Pixi Beauty. Whether you’re improving your skin with a nourishing, hydrating treatment or applying makeup for a natural, fresh glow, Pixi has just what you need. Now, you can save even more on these easy-to-use, must-have products with Pixi Beauty coupons and promotions. Check out some of the top ways to save when you order online.
Offer ends 7/31 @ 11:59 PM PST. Glow-Dreamer Tier members earn 2X Points and Glow-Getter + Ultimate Glow Tier members earn 3X points on all purchases associated with your loyalty account. Customer must be signed in and check out with the same email associated with the loyalty account to receive the 2X or 3X points offer. Points will appear on account following a 3 Day waiting period.  Sorry, this promotion can't be combined with any additional promotions or past orders. Promotion can't be applied to out-of-stock items. Not valid at any other retailer. May not be applied to previous purchases. Shipping charges may apply. Other restrictions, exclusions or terms may apply. Pixi Beauty reserves the right to modify or cancel this promotion at any time without notice.
Complimentary Mini Milky Cleansing Cloths and Mini LipLift Max in Peony Bloom with purchase of an Best of Pixi Bundle. Recieve Mini Cleansing Cloths and Mini LipLift Max once a Best of Pixi Bundle is added to cart and 2GIFTS4U discount is applied, depending on availability. Limit one free gift per order.  This promotion can't be combined with any additional promotions or past orders. Promotion can't be applied to out-of-stock items. Not valid at any other retailer. May not be applied to previous purchases. Other restrictions, exclusions or terms may apply. Pixi Beauty reserves the right to modify or cancel this promotion at any time without notice.
Promotional offers and Pixi Coupon Codes not valid on Select New Arrivals, Select 25 Years Of Glow Anniversary Items, Pixi + Hello Kitty, Pixi Pretties, Last Chance Items, Select Kits, Subscription Items & Gift Cards. Promotional offers cannot be combined with any additional promotions or past orders. Promotion can't be applied to out-of-stock items.
Skip the shipping fees by filling your virtual shopping cart with products that total at least $45. Have it shipped to your door at no extra cost.
Choose your preferred free deluxe sample with every order, allowing you to discover another great new product or add a beauty-enhancing treat to your beauty bag while traveling. Offer valid while supplies last on www.pixibeauty.com. Must add to cart. Limit one deluxe sample per order. Limit one per customer. Free item holds no retail value. While supplies last. Select sample choice at cart. Not valid at any other retailer. May not be applied to previous purchases. Shipping charges may apply. Other restrictions, exclusions or terms may apply. Pixi Beauty reserves the right to modify or cancel this promotion at any time without notice.
Want to earn some savings with every purchase? JoinPixi Rewards.It’s easy, it’s free and you get rewarded while you shop. Plus, to earn more points, refer a friend to Pixi Beauty or follow Pixi via Instagram, Facebook or Twitter X. As a Pixi Rewards member, you also get access to special offers and Pixi Beauty exclusives.
Save 10% off your first order when you sign up for emails:Whether you’re a first-time shopper or you’ve been a Pixi fan for years, new subscribers to our email list get 10% on their next order.
Save 10% when you sign up as Subscribe & Save through auto-replenishment:Our auto-replenishment option includes instant savings and helps to ensure you never run out of your favorite Pixi products. Simply set it and forget it!
Who doesn’t want more value for less? Ourgift sets,bundles and online exclusives can be even better than a Pixi Beauty coupon code when it comes to savings.
TRIAL NEW TREATS OR TAKE YOUR ROUTINE TO-GO
Build a customizable kit of makeup and skincare minis - perfect to try something new or travel with!
Select 5 deluxe samples for $25
I’m so excited to introduce a little something that’s going to make a big difference in your glow game! Say hello to the Pixi Petite On-The-Glow BLUSH—our award-winning multitasking blush stick, now in a mini, ultra-portable size!
Swipe on LipTone, and fall in love with your lips all over again. A lip gloss that works with your unique pH to give you the perfect tint, just for YOU.
Here at Pixi, we have been dedicated to crafting skin-loving products that bring out your natural beauty for 25 years. Our founder Petra infuses her love for botanicals into every formula.
Discover the powerful benefits of using Antioxidants on the skin! 🌿✨
Explore The Benefits
Why Are Antioxidants Important?
Antioxidants protect the skin from damage caused by free radicals.
Adding Antioxidants into your skincare routine can help reduce the signs of aging, improve skin texture, brighten the complexion and protect against environmental stressors.
Skin-Loving Ingredients
Inside Our Formulas
🤎Vitamin Cprovides potent Antioxidant power & promotes healthy collagen production
🤎Green Teafirms & is rich in Antioxidants
🤎Pomegranatesare Antioxidant-rich
🤎Vitamin Edelivers Antioxidant protection
🤎Vitamin Dis a powerful Antioxidant
🤎Turmericprovides Antioxidant protection
🤎Avocado Oilboosts Antioxidants & rejuvenates
Antioxidants
Discover Our Antioxidant Tonic
Our newest Tonic is a unique Essence + Toner + Serum 3 in 1 that is a splash of instant hydration. 🌿💧
Hydrate & fortify the skin barrier with this powerhouse blend:
🤎Superfood Berriesprovide Antioxidants
🤎White Ginger Lily Roothelps to protect skin from pollution
🤎Probioticswork to help soothe and tone
Our best-selling collection! Elevate your makeup routine with Antioxidant benefits.
Treat your skin to the instantly hydrating benefits of Hyaluronic Acid.
Where skincare meets colour! Designed to brighten and energize complexion.
Each of our toners features a unique formula - formulated for all skin types.
Infuse complexion with the calming and comforting effects of our Milky Hydrating Collection!
Enjoy botanical formulas that cocoon lips in plush moisture.
Discover the skin-adoring benefits of these radiance-enhancing formulas.
Say hello to our newest, limited edition creation. OurPixi + Hello Kitty® AnyWhere Paletteis the ultimate multi-tasker for adding a lit-from-within look, wherever life takes you! 🎀✨
made to travel & designed to Glow
Meet your all-in-one face palette to Highlight, Blush and Bronze! Inspired by Hello Kitty's charm and created lovingly by Petra.
The real magic is in the skin-loving ingredients:
From soft bronzes to radiant pinks, each hue blends effortlessly for a seamless finish on cheeks, lids & beyond!
Glow-Giving Shades To Love:
"This natural palette will give you a 
gorgeous lit-from-within lustre. I use 
it AnyWhere I need to add a touch of 
warm glow or healthy hue."
Reveal a radiant complexion with the help of Glycolic Acid & Ginseng. Saturate a cotton pad with our award-winning tonic and swipe onto the skin. Available in limited-edition, Hello Kitty inspired packaging!
Add a boost of hydration with cooling patches infused with Peptides, Hyaluronic Acid and Ceramides. Just pop them on wherever you need extra moisture!
Blur, prime & correct with these skin-perfecting saviors. Apply a coin-size amount of Flawless Beauty Primer for a skin-like lustre. Swipe On-the-Glow BASE onto the skin & blend for a natural finish.
Use our Face Brush & Blush Brush to seamlessly sweep on these silky shades. Perfect for a sunkissed look or natural flush; apply to lids, inner corners of eyes, cheeks, lips and anywhere else you want to add Glow!
Add a personalized hue to your Glowing look with Pixi + Hello Kitty Lip Tone. This pH-reactive formula creates a custom shade of natural colour.
Prolong your makeup look with our lightweight, all-over setting mist. Formulated with Rose Water, Willow Bark Extract and Green Tea.
Pixi + Hello Kitty
✨ Renew your routine, rediscover your radiance! ✨
Craft your unique, #PixiPerfect complexion routine in four simple steps. This routine of complexion must-haves will give you a naturally radiant glow that lasts all day!
Step 1: Prime
Apply a coin-size amount of primer all over the face moving outward and upward prior to applying makeup.
Pick Your Primer:
Step 2: BASE
Apply ourNEWOn-the-Glow Base for a sheer, skin-like finish!
The flattering and buildable pigment evens out the skin tone with skincare quality ingredients: Ginseng, Fruit Extracts & Superfood Berries.
How To Use:
Step 3: Colour Correct
Brighten up the under eyes and camouflage dark circles or spots with blurring, eye essentials!
Choose Your Perfect Match:
Step 4: Finishing Touches
Extend the staying power of your makeup and ensure long-term hydration with this duo. Use together or separately!
Detoxify and Revitalise Your Under-Eye Area
Experience the ultimate care for your delicate under-eye skin with our NEW Roll-On DetoxifEYE Serum and DetoxifEYE Hydrogel Eye Patches
Use them together to maximise depuffing benefits or individually for a tailored skincare experience.
Step 1: DetoxifEYE Hydrogel Eye Patches
Hydrate & Depuff with Water-Based Care
Our hydrogel patches are infused with a water-based formula that gently reduces puffiness and dark circles while providing intense moisture and soothing your delicate eye area.
How to Use:
Step 2: Roll-On DetoxifEYE Serum
Versatile, Encapsulated Hydration for Every Moment
Our Roll-On DetoxifEYE Serum features an encapsulated formula that delivers a double dose of cooling and hydration. Whether used alone or on top of patches, it adapts to your lifestyle:
"Instantly cooling, soothing & depuffing. I use Roll-On DetoxifEYE serum every morning, before makeup after using eye patches; and during the day, over makeup to revitalise & refresh!"
Treat your delicate under-eyes with nourishing formulas that help you reveal a glowing "just had a good night sleep" look!
These concealers quickly cover up and blend in to give you a fresh, luminous look.
Having blemish-free skin is a realistic goal with our collection of clarifying skincare products.
Serums and face oils are an excellent way to add extra nutrients and skin-loving ingredients to your skincare routine.
Products that are ideal for all skin types and feel so refreshing on the skin.
Have a DIY spa day at home every day with a soothing, cooling and Cucumber-infused facial treatment.
Get your hands on this hydration hero! 😉 It's an on-the-go hydration powerhouse that is perfect for your purse or travel bag! Crafted with love and suitable for daily use.
💚Rosemary Oilis Antioxidant Rich, nourishing and protecting skin
💚Tea Tree Oilnaturally cleanses and revitalising for a fresh, clean feel
💚Ceramide NPprovides long-lasting moisture so hands stay soft
💚Jojoba Oildelivers non-greasy hydration with a silky, smooth finish
This compact, lightweight and travel-friendly,HandHerofits into your pocket, handbag or carry-on, so you're always covered on-the-go!
✨ Packed with natural ingredients and powerful botanicals
✨ Lightweight and quick-absorbing
✨ Purifying delivers deep hydration and antoxidant protection
✨ Perfect for daily use, it keeps your hands fresh and ready to Glow
Gently massage Peel & Polish into dry skin on hands, in circular movements. Rinse & pat dry - this will gently exfoliate & smooth.
Apply a drop of Rose Oil Blend to the cuticles & rub in.
Apply a Walnut size of HandHero per hand and gently rub the cream on across the palms - to the wrists and on the tops of both hands.
Finish with a liberal spritz of Glow Mist to cocoon the hands with moisture.
"I find myself reaching for this hand cream multiple times a day. It feels so light, leaves no residue and smells so clean."
25 Years Of Glow
Shop our NEW collection of treats celebrating 25 years of Glowing with you!
Earnloyalty points when you purchase this product
Free Shipping on orders over $45+
30 day returns. View ourreturn policy
On-The-Glow BLUSH & BRONZE:
•Hydrating solid cheek tint.•Use on cheeks & lips.•Vitamin packed for antioxidant benefits.•One sweep colour payoff.•Complements all skin tones•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 19 g / 0.6 oz
LipGlow:
•Sheer, buildable colour with a glossy natural finish•Nourishes and hydrates lips over time•Ideal for no-mirror, on-the-go application•leaves lips feeling softer after each use•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 1.5 g / 0.05 oz
•Step 1: Twist base to wind up or down.•Step 2: Swipe gently onto skin.•Step 3: Blend with fingertips.•Step 4: Close lid after each use.
•Step 5: Apply LipGlow directly onto lips, layering for more colour payoff.
•Ginseng revitalizes & balances•Aloe Vera soothes & calms•Fruit Extracts nourish & renew
•Shea Butter nourishes lips•Mango soothes and hydrates
Love it! I was so curious to see what this product could do, what all the fuss was about it and I was not disappointed, it creates a shade of pink for your skin. Is beautiful! The packaging is cute as well.
It is so easy to use and it leaves your skin with a beautiful glow. Besides that the packaging is so cute!!
Feels lovely and creamy on your lips. Easy to apply and has a subtle flattering colour for all skin tones. Lips are left looking and feeling hydrated and fab.
Unfortunately for me, the only thing I will be able to use is the lipstick. All the other face make up makes me look like a clown😖 Tint even when mixed with my face lotion doesnt blend; all very heavy and/or chalky looking.
Pixi doesNOTtest on animals, nor do we have any other parties, such as suppliers, conduct any animal testing on our behalf. Pixi uses only the highest quality ingredients which have a proven safety record.
Each pregnancy journey is unique and we always recommend consulting with your physician for advice on what to use during your pregnancy or when breastfeeding. Your physician will know your medical history best and can give their professional opinion on whether a product is safe to use after reviewing its ingredient list. All Pixi product ingredient lists can be found on the product pages on our website.
We know, we know - there's nothing worse than an out of stock item. The good news is you can quickly sign up for a back in stock email alert. The moment the item you want is available again, you are automatically sent an email with a 'buy now' button to make your purchase.
Pixi products are produced in small batches. Please refer to the period-after-opening symbol (open jar symbol) on the label of the product. This symbol can be found on all our products near the back or bottom of the outer packaging and will have a written number of months or years inside the jar symbol. For example, it will state 12M for 12 months. This means that the product stays potent and fresh for 12 months after you open it.
For best results, products should always be stored with the cap on and in a cool, dark place for maximum shelf life.
On-The-Glow BRONZE
BeachGlow: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Synthetic Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Silica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499).
RichGlow: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Synthetic Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Silica, Mica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, 77499).
SoftGlow: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Synthetic Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Silica, Mica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Tin Oxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491).
WarmGlow: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Synthetic Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Silica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Caesalpinia Sappan Bark Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Tin Oxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492).
On-The-Glow BLUSH
Ruby: Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/ Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer,Bis Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850).
Fleur: Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Caprylic/ Capric Triglyceride, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/ Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer,Bis Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/ Cetyl/Stearyl/ Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/ Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850).
Juicy: Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/ Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Yellow 6 (CI 15985).
CheekTone: Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Synthetic Wax, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Beeswax, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glycerin, Citric Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, 1, 2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 (CI 15850), Red 27 (CI 45410).
LipGlow
Juicy: Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Octyldodecanol, Diisostearyl Malate, Bis-Dioctadecylamide Dimer Dilinoleic Acid/Ethylenediamine Copolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de candelilla, Synthetic Wax, Dibutyl Ethylhexanoyl Glutamide, Dibutyl Lauroyl Glutamide, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum/Fragrance, Mica, Tin Oxide, Limonene, Linalool, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Yellow 5 (CI 19140).
Fleur: Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Octyldodecanol, Diisostearyl Malate, Bis-Dioctadecylamide Dimer Dilinoleic Acid/Ethylenediamine Copolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de candelilla, Synthetic Wax, Dibutyl Ethylhexanoyl Glutamide, Dibutyl Lauroyl Glutamide, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum/Fragrance, Limonene, Linalool, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Yellow 5 (CI 19140)
Ruby: Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Octyldodecanol, Diisostearyl Malate, Bis-Dioctadecylamide Dimer Dilinoleic Acid/Ethylenediamine Copolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de candelilla, Synthetic Wax, Dibutyl Ethylhexanoyl Glutamide, Dibutyl Lauroyl Glutamide, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum/Fragrance, Mica, Tin Oxide, Limonene, Linalool, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Yellow 5 (CI 19140).
*Please refer to current packaging for the latest and updated ingredient listing
Introducing our ultimate beauty bundle for lips, cheeks, and complexion! Achieve hydrated, glossy lips, a sunkissed glow, and a natural blush with our easy-to-use sticks. Perfect for on-the-go, these buildable tints enhance your natural tone while providing a healthy glow and effortless application.
Make your selection below: Shade 1: On-the-Glow BLUSH, Shade 2: On-the-Glow BRONZE, Shade 3: LipGlow
On-the-Glow BASE•"One swipe of this tinted moisturizer in a stick instantly perfects complexion & deeply hydrates.”- Petra
•Infused with dewy flattering pigment, meaning that you can create a base that enhances and perfects in one sweep, to make you look like you are wearing no makeup!
•Unique, sheer, nourishing and protecting base that feels much lighter & more breathable than a traditional foundation.
•Use all-over on bare skin or specifically in areas where more coverage is needed.
•Suitable for all skin types
•Available in a broad spectrum of 18 new shades. Use a single shade or blend 2 for a bespoke shade match.
•Vegan
•Not tested on animals
•Volume: 0.6 oz / 19g
H2O Skinveil
•Lightweight loose water-powder blurs, cools, refreshes and hydrates to create a velvet skin-like finish.•Sets makeup & leaves skin hydrated long term.•Unique botanical boosted formula•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 5 g / 0.2 oz
On-the Glow BLUSH Petite
•“This petite blush is proof that good things really do come in small, glow-filled packages.”- Petra
•Hydrating solid cheek tint.
•Use on cheeks & lips.
•Vitamin packed for antioxidant benefits.
•One sweep colour payoff.
•Complements all skin tones
•Paraben-free
•Not tested on animals.
•Volume: 0.3oz / 10g
Base Brush
•"For a smooth, even foundation base, this brush is essential; it gives a flawless, seamless look in seconds!" - Petra
•Our foundation brush has firm bristles, perfect for foundation application without absorbing too much product.
•Designed to apply liquid, cream or powder foundation evenly, creating a flawless base.•Clean your brushes regularly to maximize their lifespan and effectiveness.•Vegan Bristles•Not tested on animals
•Step 1: Twist On-the-Glow BASE to wind the stick up or down, and swipe gently on the skin
•Step 2: Pick up the product with the brush and start applying from the center of your face, blending outward.
•Step 3: Use long strokes or a stippling motion for an even, flawless base.
•Step 4: Use brush to buff H2O Skinveil onto skin. Use on bare skin or on top of foundation.
On-the Glow BASE
•Ceramide NP locks in hydration to keep skin glowing & soft all day
•Super Food Berries protect with antioxidants & boost healthy radiance
•Fruit Oils smooth & condition the skin for a flawless, lush finish
•Hyaluronic Acid hydrates & traps moisture to skin•Green Tea provides a boost of antioxidants•Aloe Vera calms & soothes
•100% Vegan & Cruelty-Free, Synthetic Bristles
•100% Recycled, FSC Wood
Take our shade finder quiz to uncover your ideal foundation shade.
Swipes on smoothly, blends easily. I got the shade Nude and goes great with my skin tone.
Its okay. I will use it along with my BareMinerals when I want lighter dusting.
We know, we know - there's nothing worse than an out of stock item. The good news is you can quickly sign up for a back in stock email alert. The moment the item you want is available again, you are automatically sent an email with a “buy now” button to make your purchase.
On-the-Glow BASE
Porcelain: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Fair: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Cream: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Vanilla: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Nude: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Beige: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Warm: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Honey: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Tan: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Nutmeg: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Chai: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Cinnamon: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Caramel: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Mocha: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Mahogany: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Chestnut: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Espresso: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Cocoa: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Kaolin, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77497), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Magnesium Stearate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Polyglutamic Acid, Sodium Hyaluronate, Glycerin, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol.
*Please refer to current packaging for the latest and updated ingredient listing.
Refresh your beauty routine with On-the-Glow BASE, a hydrating tinted balm for a radiant, skin-like finish – available in 18 shades. Pair it with H2O Skinveil, a weightless, loose water-powder, to set your look. Use the Base Brush for a smooth, airbrushed finish. Now bundled with On-The-Glow BLUSH Petite, a hydrating cheek and lip tint that adds a natural hint of color while conditioning your skin. Make your selection below: Shade 1: On-the-Glow BASE, Shade 2: H2O Skinveil, Shade 3: On-The-Glow BLUSH Petite
Get your GLOW with our entire On-the-Glow Blush Collection!
•On-the-Glow Blush: Hydrating solid balm cheek tint.
•Formulated with Ginseng, Aloe Vera, and Fruit Extracts for hydration and conditioning.
•Easy stick form for On-the-Go touch-ups.
•Volume: 0.3 oz / 10 g
•Step 1: Twist base to wind up or down.
•Step 2: Swipe gently onto skin.
•Step 3: Blend with fingertips.
•Step 4: Close lid after each use.
•Ginseng revitalizes & balances
•Aloe Vera soothes & calms
•Fruit Extracts nourish & renew
Choose from 4 viral Petite shades: Fleur, Juicy, Ruby, and CheekTone.
Although its expensive its worth the price. I tried this from a friend who had a party and I Def would wanna by like 30 more of them!!
So easy to use and can just add a little blush in a matter of seconds. My collection is building
Beautiful colour blush perfect for my skin tone. Easy to apply and blend. Will definitely buy again
Ruby
Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/ Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer,Bis Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850).
Fleur
Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Caprylic/ Capric Triglyceride, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/ Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer,Bis Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/ Cetyl/Stearyl/ Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/ Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850).
Juicy
Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/ Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Yellow 6 (CI 15985).
CheekTone
Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Synthetic Wax, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Beeswax, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glycerin, Citric Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, 1, 2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 (CI 15850), Red 27 (CI 45410).
A complete colour collection of best-selling On-the-Glow Blush Petites. This hydrating solid cheek tint ideal for use on cheeks & lips. Formulated with ginseng, aloe vera and a unique mix of fruit extracts, this tinted balm provides a hint of natural colour while hydrating and conditioning skin.
H2O SkinTint•"Not your normal tinted moisturizer, this gel is feather-light, yet provides enough coverage to disguise redness & uneven skin tone." - Petra•Lightweight, breathable texture•Hydrating and water-resistant•Natural-looking, buildable coverage•Events out skin tone and disguises redness•Cooling and refreshing finish•Vegan•Fragrance-free•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 35 ml / 1.2 fl oz
Flawless Beauty Primer•"This keeps dry skin hydrated, adds a lit-from-within glow, and evens out skin tone perfectly!" - Petra•Skin-loving blend of Vitamins A, C and E to nourish and revitalize•Smooths, hydrates, naturally luminates skin•Anti-aging and skin-fortifying benefits•Evens skin tone•Suitable for all skin types•Use alone, mixed with moisturizer, or under foundation•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 19 g / 0.6 oz
On-the-Glow BASE•"One swipe of this tinted moisturizer in a stick instantly perfects complexion & deeply hydrates.”- Petra•Infused with Ceramide NP, Superfood Berries and Fruit Oils•Use all-over on bare skin or specifically in areas where more coverage is needed•Suitable for all skin types•Available in a broad spectrum of 18 new shades•Vegan•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 19 g / 0.6 oz
•Step 1: Apply coin-size amount of Flawless Beauty Primer all over face as you would a moisturizer
•Step 2: Twist On-the-Glow BASE to wind the stick up or down, and swipe gently on the skin
•Step 3: Apply a coin-size amount of H2O SkinTint to the face and blend from the middle outward. For more coverage, apply with a gentle dabbing, pressing motion.
On-the Glow Base
H2O SkinTint
•Green Tea provides antioxidants•Rose Water hydrates•Lavender soothes
Flawless Beauty Primer
•Vitamin A is a powerful Antioxidant•Vitamin-C revitalizes•Vitamin E nourishes & protects
I liked this one as well now have like 3 more on the way
great texture blends beautifully with other face priducts too
Cream: Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hexyl Laurate, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Rosa Centifolia Flower Water, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Tocopherol, Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Caramel: Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hexyl Laurate, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Rosa Centifolia Flower Water, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Tocopherol, Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Espresso: Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hexyl Laurate, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Rosa Centifolia Flower Water, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Tocopherol, Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Mocha: Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hexyl Laurate, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Rosa Centifolia Flower Water, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Tocopherol, Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499.
Nude: Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hexyl Laurate, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Rosa Centifolia Flower Water, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Tocopherol, Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Warm: Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hexyl Laurate, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Rosa Centifolia Flower Water, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Tocopherol, Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Fair / Vanilla / Beige / Honey / Tan / Nutmeg / Chai / Cinnamon / Mahogany / Chestnut / Cocoa / Java / Deep: Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hexyl Laurate, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Rosa Centifolia Flower Water, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Tocopherol, Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)
Porcelain: Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hexy| Laurate, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Rosa Centifolia Flower Water, Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Aluminum Hydroxide, Ethylhexylglycerin, Sodium Chloride, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Pentylene Glycol, Capryly| Glycol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (C! 77491, 77492).
Water/Aqua/Eau, Cetyl Ethylhexanoate, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Mica, Cetearyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, PEG-100 Stearate, Sorbitan Stearate, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Phenoxyethanol, Ammonium Acryloyldimethyltaurate/VP Copolymer, Panthenol, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Disodium EDTA, Polysorbate 80, Tin Oxide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, 1,2-Hexanediol, Retinyl Palmitate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Tocopherol, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). Made in Korea / Fabriqué en Corée.*Please refer to current packaging for the latest and updated ingredient listing.
Achieve radiant, perfected skin with this trio of complexion must-haves. Includes a brightening primer, hydrating tinted balm in 18 shades and water-based gel tint for a flawless no makeup finish.
Make your selection below: Shade 1: On-the-Glow BASE, Shade 2: H2O SkinTint
•"This keeps dry skin hydrated, adds a lit-from-within glow, and evens out skintone perfectly!" - Petra•Even, flawless skin tone is the sign of youthful healthy skin•This primer is the perfect solution; the formula is loaded with skin-loving ingredients•Formula contains powerful anti-aging and skin fortifying benefits•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 30 ml / 1 fl. oz
•Step 3: Pick up the product with the brush and start applying from the center of your face, blending outward.
•Step 4: Use long strokes or a stippling motion for an even, flawless base.
•Step 5: Twist On-the-Glow BLUSH to wind the stick up or down, swipe gently on the skin, and blend.
•Step 6: Clean Base Brush after each use to maintain bristle quality.
Water/Aqua/Eau, Cetyl Ethylhexanoate, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Mica, Cetearyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, PEG-100 Stearate, Sorbitan Stearate, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Phenoxyethanol, Ammonium Acryloyldimethyltaurate/VP Copolymer, Panthenol, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Disodium EDTA, Polysorbate 80, Tin Oxide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, 1,2-Hexanediol, Retinyl Palmitate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Tocopherol, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). Made in Korea / Fabriqué en Corée.
Transform your beauty routine with the On-the-Glow BASE, a hydrating tinted balm that gives you a radiant, skin-like finish – Available in 18 shades. Pair it with the Flawless Beauty Primer for a hydrated, naturally luminous base, and use the Base Brush for a smooth, airbrushed look. Now bundled with On-The-Glow BLUSH Petite, a hydrating cheek and lip tint that adds a natural hint of colour while conditioning your skin.
Make your selection below:Shade 1: On-the-Glow BASE, Shade 2: On-The-Glow BLUSH Petite
On-The-Glow BASE
•This skincare-quality foundation is infused with dewy flattering pigment, meaning that you can create a base that enhances and perfects in one sweep, to make you look like you are wearing no makeup!
•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 19 g / 0.6 oz
BLUSH, BRONZE and SUPERGLOW
On-The-Glow BLUSH, BRONZE and SUPERGLOW
RubyDiisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/ Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer,Bis Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850).
FleurDiisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Caprylic/ Capric Triglyceride, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/ Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer,Bis Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/ Cetyl/Stearyl/ Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/ Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850).
JuicyDiisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Ceresin, Triethylhexanoin, Ozokerite, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, HDI/ Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/ Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbic Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Silica, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Yellow 6 (CI 15985).
CheekToneHydrogenated Polyisobutene, Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Synthetic Wax, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Beeswax, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glycerin, Citric Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, 1, 2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 (CI 15850), Red 27 (CI 45410).
BeachGlowCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Synthetic Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Silica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499).
RichGlowCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Synthetic Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Silica, Mica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, 77499).
SoftGlowCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Synthetic Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Silica, Mica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Tin Oxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491).
WarmGlowCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Synthetic Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Silica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Caesalpinia Sappan Bark Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Aqua/Water/Eau, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Tin Oxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492).
IcePearlDiisostearyl Malate, Octyldodecanol, Synthetic Wax, Polyisobutene, Mica, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Isododecane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Ethylhexylglycerin, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Propylene Carbonate, Tin Oxide, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).GildedGoldDiisostearyl Malate, Octyldodecanol, Synthetic Wax, Polyisobutene, Mica, Isododecane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Ethylhexylglycerin, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Propylene Carbonate, Tin Oxide, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491).
NaturaLustreDiisostearyl Malate, Octyldodecanol, Synthetic Wax, Polyisobutene, Mica, Isododecane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Ethylhexylglycerin, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Propylene Carbonate, Tin Oxide, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491).
PetalDewDiisostearyl Malate, Octyldodecanol, Synthetic Wax, Polyisobutene, Mica,Isododecane, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Caesalpinia Sappan Bark Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Ethylhexylglycerin, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, 1,2-Hexanediol, Aluminum Hydroxide, Caprylyl Glycol, Propylene Carbonate, Tin Oxide, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Red 40 (CI 16035).
PorcelainCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
FairCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Cream
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
VanillaCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Boron Nitride, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Nude
Beige
Warm
Honey
Tan
Nutmeg
Chai
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Cinnamon
Caramel
Mocha
MahoganyCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
ChestnutCaprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Kaolin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Espresso
Cocoa
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Wax, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Boron Nitride, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Kaolin, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Ceramide NP, Sodium Hyaluronate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Nonapeptide-1, Sodium Phosphate, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Zinc Oxide (CI 77497), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Ready, Set, Glow! Boost your beauty routine with a collection of all our On-The-Glow Moisture Sticks – Includes a shade choice of BASE, BLUSH, BRONZE and SUPERGLOW.
Make your selection below: Shade 1: Base, Shade 2: Blush, Shade 3: Bronze, Shade 3: SuperGlow
•"One swipe of this tinted moisturizer in a stick instantly perfects complexion & deeply hydrates.”- Petra
How to Choose Your Perfect ShadeWith 18 skin-loving shades, there’s a match for everyone!•Find your closest tone match to even out your complexion.•Use a lighter shade to add brightness and highlight key areas.•Try a deeper shade to contour or add warmth for a sculpted, sun-kissed look.
•Porcelain: Very fair, cool
•Fair: Very fair, warm
•Cream: Fair/light, neutral
•Vanilla: Fair, light warm
•Nude: Light/medium, neutral
•Beige: Medium, neutral
•Warm: Medium, golden
•Honey: Medium, tan
•Tan: Golden, tan
•Nutmeg: Deep tan, neutral
•Chai: Very tan, warm
•Cinnamon: Deep, neutral
•Caramel: Deep, warm
•Mocha: Coffee, neutral
•Mahogany: Deep brown, warm
•Chestnut: Rich, deep cool
•Espresso: Rich, deep neutral
•Cocoa: Richest, deep neutral
•Step 1: Use on moisturized or primed skin. Twist base to wind the stick up or down.
•Step 2: Swipe gently on the skin and blend out with fingertips or use our Base brush to buff into complexion.
When to use your On-the-Glow Base:•Swipe on bare skin for a natural, everyday glow.•Apply over foundation for added hydration and a luminous touch-up.•Blend multiple shades together to create your #PixiPerfect match!
So easy and quick to use as a mum of four. Gives a beautiful finish 🥰
A light and glowy finish, not heavy for summer. Goes on easily and blends well.
Buildable tinted balm that blurs, brightens and evens out skin tone. Designed for everyone and every moment, this multitasking stick instantly blurs imperfections for a smoother look, brightens your complexion for a fresh-faced glow and evens out skin tone for a perfected, radiant finish.
Available in 18 new shades. Use a single shade or blend 2 for a bespoke shade match.
On-the-Glow BLUSH•"Try one shade on cheeks & lips to look pulled-together instantly!" - Petra•Hydrating solid cheek tint.•Use on cheeks & lips.•Vitamin packed for antioxidant benefits.•One sweep colour payoff.•Complements all skin tones•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 19 g / 0.6 oz
On-the-Glow BRONZE•"A touch of sunkissed glow looks amazing on everyone!" - Petra•Hydrating solid moisturizer with bronze tint•Use on cheeks & lips•Vitamin packed for antioxidant benefits•One sweep colour payoff•Complements all skin tones•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 19 g / 0.6 oz
On-the-Glow SUPERGLOW•"Perfect gel-cream highlighter for a supernatural glow that brightens and adds luminosity, in just one sweep!" - Petra•Hydrating solid balm highlighter creates a supernatural glow!•Perfect way to achieve radiance and that famous Pixi Glow!•3D pigments are designed to bring out the ultimate natural SUPERGLOW for all skin types.•Perfect addition to the innovative On-the-Glow family.•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 0.6 oz / 19 g
How to Choose Your Shades:
BLUSH•Fleur: A sheer baby pink•Juicy: A fresh orange-coral•Ruby: The perfect strawberry red•CheekTone: A pH reactive unique-to-you hue
BRONZE
•WarmGlow: A soft peach radiance flush
•SoftGlow: A golden hour Glow•RichGlow: A bronzy, sun-kissed boost, year-round•BeachGlow: Sunkissed depth and lustre
SUPERGLOW•IcePearl: An awakening white pearl•GildedGold: An enlivening golden gleam•NaturaLustre: The perfect champagne radiance•PetalDew: A brightening soft pink
great party favours , nice discount buying the collection
Build your own perfect Glow with our customisable trio of blush, bronzer and highlighter. These hydrating solid cheek tints deliver one-sweep colour payoff and a dewy, fresh finish. Packed with skin-loving vitamins and suitable for all skin tones.
Make your selection below: Shade 1: On-the-Glow BLUSH, Shade 2: On-the-Glow BRONZE, Shade 3: On-the-Glow SUPERGLOW
•"Great for dry lips, this hydrating tint with hyaluronic acid and natural butters makes my lips super soft. The chubby stick is such a delight and a must-have in every beauty kit!"- Petra•Award-winning hydrating lip balm•Tinted formula delivers sheer colour with a dewy glow•Hyaluronic Acid plumps and hydrates•Perfect for dry lips•7 shades available•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 0.16 oz / 4.8 g
•Smooth onto clean lips.
•Hyaluronic Acid ensures plumpness and hydrates​•Avocado Oil boosts antioxidants and rejuvenates•Shea Butter smooths and conditions​
This product is amazing. It glides on your lips like velvet and seems to stay on your lips for so long. I like that its tinted so means I don't need to put colour on my lips.
I already had this product in peachy. It compliments my skin tone and has a lovely finish. Smooth texture. Highly recommend.
I don’t wear a lot of make up anymore, but I do like to add a quick bit of colour on my cheeks and lips so I look a bit less drab and pale. I wasn’t sure if these would be too pigmented but they are actually perfect. The texture is smooth and moisturising and the colour sheer to medium (buildable). I use it on my cheeks too and while it doesn’t last as long as the dedicated blush sticks it’s perfect for a quick lift of colour. I purchased Rosette, Peachy and Nectar and love them all. In my photos I’ve only applied colour to my top lip so you can see the difference compared to my natural lip colour.
I got this colour and it's just perfect. Goes on so well, love the feel of it on my skin, not too greasy and easy to blend
RosetteTridecyl Trimellitate, Octyldodecanol, Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire de Carnauba, Behenyl Behenate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Mentha Arvensis Leaf Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Plukenetia Volubilis Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tribehenin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Lactic Acid, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Aluminum Hydroxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 (CI 15850).
NectarTridecyl Trimellitate, Octyldodecanol, Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire de Carnauba, Behenyl Behenate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Mentha Arvensis Leaf Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Plukenetia Volubilis Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tribehenin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Lactic Acid, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Aluminum Hydroxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 (CI 15850).
PassionTridecyl Trimellitate, Octyldodecanol, Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire de Carnauba, Behenyl Behenate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Mentha Arvensis Leaf Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Plukenetia Volubilis Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tribehenin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Lactic Acid, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Aluminum Hydroxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 6 (CI 15850), Yellow 5 (CI 19140), Blue 1 (CI 42090), Red 28 (CI 45410).
Peach-yTridecyl Trimellitate, Octyldodecanol, Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire de Carnauba, Behenyl Behenate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Mentha Arvensis Leaf Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Plukenetia Volubilis Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tribehenin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Lactic Acid, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Aluminum Hydroxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 (CI 15850).
PoppyTridecyl Trimellitate, Octyldodecanol, Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire de Carnauba, Behenyl Behenate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Mentha Arvensis Leaf Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Plukenetia Volubilis Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tribehenin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Lactic Acid, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Tin Oxide, Aluminum Hydroxide, Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Yellow 5 (CI 19140).
ClearTridecyl Trimellitate, Octyldodecanol, Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire de Carnauba, Behenyl Behenate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Mentha Arvensis Leaf Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Plukenetia Volubilis Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tribehenin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Lactic Acid, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene.
ScarletTridecyl Trimellitate, Octyldodecanol, Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire de Carnauba, Behenyl Behenate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Mentha Arvensis Leaf Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Plukenetia Volubilis Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tribehenin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Lactic Acid, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Aluminum Hydroxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Yellow 5 (CI 19140).*Please refer to current packaging for the latest and updated ingredient listing.
Treat your lips to lasting moisture and a hint of colour with our +Hydra LipTreat Trio. Infused with skin-loving ingredients like Avocado Oil, Shea Butter and Hyaluronic Acid, each swipe pampers, softens and leaves your lips smooth, hydrated and perfectly tinted.
They hold the color well! Perfectly refreshing.
CheekToneHydrogenated Polyisobutene, Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Synthetic Wax, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Synthetic Beeswax, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de Candelilla, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glycerin, Citric Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, 1, 2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 (CI 15850), Red 27 (CI 45410).*Please refer to current packaging for the latest and updated ingredient listing
Formulated with Ginseng, Aloe Vera and a unique mix of Fruit Extracts, this tinted balm provides a hint of natural colour while hydrating and conditioning skin. Swipe on cheeks and lips for a hint-of-tint, perfect for on-the-go!
EOD Cleansing Oil•Plant-based oil cleanser for daily use•Effectively removes makeup and sunscreen•Nourishes while cleansing to maintain balance•Fragrance-free•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 150 ml / 5.07 fl oz
Aftersun Sheet Mask•Soothing infusion helps cool, rehydrate and calm skin.•Aloe Vera, Cucumber & Chamomile instantly refresh and soothe•Ceramides deliver time-release moisture to restore balance•Ideal as a post-sun or stress relief skin treatment•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 3 x 23 g / 0.8 oz
SunMist SPF 50•Broad-spectrum SPF 50 in a weightless, invisible mist•Hydrates and soothes with Aloe Vera and Avocado Oil•Antioxidant-rich formula with Vitamin E•Can be used under or over makeup•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 6 oz / 170 g
EOD Cleansing Oil
•Step 1: Massage gently onto a dry or damp face.•Step 2: Massage the oil gently and rinse off or remove with moist face cloth.•For external use only.
Aftersun Sheet Mask
•Step 1: After cleansing, place sheet mask onto face and pat into contours to fit snuggly.•Step 2: Leave on for 10-15 minutes.•Step 3: Remove mask & pat in excess serum to face, neck & décolletage.•Tip: Store in fridge for a refreshing and depuffing effect.
SunMist SPF 50
•Use under or on top of makeup.•Step 1: Shake well before use.•Step 2: Mist onto hands & apply where needed.•Reapply every 80 mins if outdoors.
•Argan Oil nourishes•Soybean Oil hydrates
•Cucumber cools•Chamomile and Aloe Vera soothe•Ceramides provide time-release moisture
•Aloe Vera soothes•Vitamin-E provides antioxidant protection•Avocado Oil nourishes
Feels lovely after a day in the sun!
I ordered these for my Holiday, they worked really well
Smoothing on the face! Especially needed for a long day in the sun! I would recommend
This is my go-to for makeup removal. It makes taking off waterproof mascara and more very easy, and leaves my skin feeling good after.
This is really good and my skin loves it. Melts away most makeup, though I sometimes need a second cleanse around the eyes afterwards.
Soft and easy to use, goes easily with water and doesn’t irritates my skin which is very sensitive. I didn’t like that I doesn’t melt strong makeup in my eyes like water proof mascara
Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Laureth-4, Isopropyl Palmitate, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate.
Aftersun Sheet MaskAqua/Water/Eau, Glycerin, Betaine, Niacinamide, Panthenol, Tremella Fuciformis (Mushroom) Extract, Allantoin, Ascorbic Acid, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Phellinus Linteus Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Arctium Lappa Root Extract, Madecassoside, Ceramide NP, 1,2 Hexanediol, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Octyldodecanol, Trehalose, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Ethyl Hexanediol, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol.
Active Ingredients:Avobenzone 3%Octisalate 5%Octocrylene 8%Inactive Ingredients:Alcohol Denat., Butyloctyl Salicylate, Acrylates/Octylacrylamide Copolymer, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Diisopropyl Adipate, Persea Gratissma (Avocado) Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate.
Bask in skin-loving sunshine care with the SunTreats Collection. This must-have trio features a gentle cleansing oil, soothing aftersun mask and an ultra-light SPF 50 mist--everything you need to cleanse, hydrate and protect.
•Broad-spectrum SPF 50 in a weightless, invisible mist•Hydrates and soothes with Aloe Vera and Avocado Oil•Antioxidant-rich formula with Vitamin E•Can be used under or over makeup•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 6 oz / 170 g
Lightweight and effective.
I got this for my face specifically and I’m not a fan tbh, it’s not bad but it’s also not great and smells weird so
It's easy to apply and protects from the sun. I love the idea of a spray sunmist!
Ok I have to say that I was surprised about this spray. I was afraid that will be greasy on my face but it didn’t and it doesn’t have a strong spf smell. Very good product.
I always keep spf on me and this one is super conv, no white cast and easy to use
Ultra-lightweight, invisible mist with SPF 50 that hydrates, nourishes and protects skin. Infused with Aloe, Avocado Oil and Vitamin E, this refreshing formula can be used on face or body--under or over makeup--for on-the-go sun defense and comfort.
Free Shipping on orders over $35+
If you're looking for a serum that provides a radiant glow - and so much more - you'll find it with Pixi Beauty Vitamin-C Serum. This enriching serum helps improve skin tone and creates a smoother complexion while reducing the effects of sun damage and free radicals.Enjoy our multi-use Vitamin-C Serum daily or as needed.
•Brightening daily serum that improves skin tone and texture•Boosts collagen and helps fade sings of sun damage•Ferulic Acid and Vitamin C offer antioxidant protection•Citrus Fruit Extracts energize and refresh skin•Aloe Vera soothes and hydrates•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 30 ml / 1.01 fl oz
•Vitamin-C brightens & boosts collagen production•Ferulic Acid provides Antioxidant protection•Probiotics strengthen & balance
Caution: For external use only.  Do not ingest. Avoid contact with eyes. Discontinue use if irritation or redness occurs.  Keep out of reach of children. If you are pregnant or nursing, consult your doctor before use. Use sunscreen daily as retinol can increase sun sensitivity.
Love the texture of this serum. I’ve only used this product for a few days so not sure yet about results in terms of skin brightening, but so far enjoying the feel of this product very much.
I use every morning leaves skin feeling so soft and hydrated
This serum leaves my skin feeling gorgeous and smooth, I just love it! 💛
Very good for my morning use, does not leave the skin  tight like other serums that I tried.
This serum is SO LIGHT and smells subtlety refreshing! My skin loooves it.
We confirm that all products adhere to the appropriate industry guidelines and regulations. The percentage of retinol used in our formulations is within the safe and recommended limits established by regulatory bodies. We ensure that the concentration of retinol in each product is properly labelled and complies with current cosmetic standards to guarantee both efficacy and safety for our customers. For further information on specific product formulations, please refer to the individual product descriptions orcontact our customer support team.
A potent antioxidant-rich serum that helps improve skin tone boost collagen and protect against environmental stress. Enriched with Vitamin C, Ferulic Acid, Cirtus Extracts and Aloe, it hydrates and brightens for a naturally radiant glow.
Features four brightening skincare favourites:
BeautifEYE•Minimize under-eye darkness•Fight free radicals for healthier skin•Even out skin tone for a luminous finish•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 30 pairs / 60 patches + spatula
Vitamin-C CapsuleCare•Single-dose capsules keep serums fresh and effective•Brightens and energizes with Vitamin C and E•Nourishes and revitalizes skin with Botanical Oils•Smooths and evens tone for a radiant glow•Twist-to-open biodegradable capsules ideal for travel•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 30 capsules
Vitamin-C Tonic•Brightening toner with Vitamin C & Ferulic Acid•Helps even out tone and improve texture•Probiotics strengthen the skin's natural barrier•Aloe Vera soothes and hydrates•Willow Bark and Fruit Extracts gently exfoliate•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 12 ml / 0.41 oz
Vitamin-C Lotion•Brightening daily moisturizer with Vitamin C for a radiant glow•Improves tone and promotes collagen production•Fruit and Lactic Acids hydrate and refine texture•Olive Oil soothes and softens skin•Lightweight formula suitable for daily use•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 50 ml / 1.7 fl oz
Love these, brighten up my eyes after restless nights sleep. Will be buying again.
Smells good and so hydrating it makes my skin sweet and glowing
Good brightening tonic
This made my face so soft,  not sticky!
This moisturiser brightens, smooths and hydrates. It also smells gorgeous and is a joy to apply every day. 💛🤍
Vitamin-C Tonic Travel Size
Aqua/Water/Eau, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Fruit Water, Propanediol, Glycerin, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Polyglyceryl-4 Caprate, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Extract, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Fruit Extract, Citrus Nobilis (Mandarin Orange) Fruit Extract, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Daucus Carota Sativa (Carrot) Root Extract, Beta-Carotene, Ferulic Acid, Tocopherol, Calophyllum Inophyllum Seed Oil, Mentha Piperita (Peppermint) Extract, Microcitrus Australis Fruit Extract, Phospholipids, Salix Alba (Willow) Bark Extract, Microcitrus Australasica Fruit Extract, Citrus Glauca Fruit Extract, Caffeine, Sodium Hyaluronate, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Melaleuca Alternifolia (Tea Tree) Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Citrus Junos Peel Extract, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Sodium Citrate, Citric Acid, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Sodium Hydroxide, Polyglyceryl-6 Caprylate, Tetrasodium Glutamate Diacetate, Phenoxyethanol.
Vitamin-C Capsule Care
Caprylic / Capric Triglyceride, Ascorbic Acid, Boron Nitride, Silica, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Tocopherol, Hydrogenated Rapeseed Oil, Diethylhexyl Syringylidenemalonate
Vitamin-C Lotion
Aqua/Water/Eau, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Flower Water, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ferulic Acid, Lactic Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Callus Culture Extract, Bifida Ferment Lysate, Salix Alba (Willow) Bark Extract, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Glycerin, Propanediol, Glyceryl Stearate, Cetearyl Alcohol, Sorbitan Stearate, Polysorbate 60, Palmitic Acid, Stearic Acid, Betaine, Phenoxyethanol, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Oil, Litsea Cubeba Fruit Oil, Carbomer, Arginine, Sodium Hyaluronate, Allantoin, Ethylhexylglycerin, Disodium EDTA, 1,2-Hexanediol, Pentylene Glycol, Butylene Glycol, Caprylyl GlycolBeatifEYE Vitamin-C Patches
Aqua/Water/Eau, Glycerin, Calcium Chloride, Ceratonia Siliqua (Carob) Gum, Xanthan Gum, Niacinamide, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Chondrus Crispus Powder, Allantoin, Hippophae Rhamnoides Water, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Fruit Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Pinus Sylvestris Leaf Extract, Caffeine, Arginine, Ferulic Acid, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Squalane, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Pentylene Glycol, Hydroxyacetophenone, Polyglyceryl-10 Laurate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cellulose Gum, Sodium Phytate, Phenoxyethanol, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288).
Brighten, smooth and refresh your skin with this Vitamin-C skincare set, packed with antioxidant-rich essentials for a luminous, even-toned glow. Includes tonic, patches, serum capsules and eye patches.
I love this product for so many reasons. It is excellent at removing all traces of makeup and leaves my skin feeling really clean.  My cosmetic scanning app also rates it as excellent as it doesn’t contain any harmful ingredients. I would definitely recommend this product.
It removes all makeup gently leaving the skin dirt free
Gently cleanse and nourish your skin with this plant-powered oil cleanser. It melts through makeup, sunscreen and impurities without stripping. Light yet effective, the formula is enriched with Argan and Soybean Oils to soften and hydrate for a balanced, radiant finish.
•"This is all I need for under my eyes to look refreshed in an instant!" - Petra
•Brightening toner with Vitamin C & Ferulic Acid•Helps even out tone and improve texture•Probiotics strengthen the skin's natural barrier•Aloe Vera soothes and hydrates•Willow Bark and Fruit Extracts gently exfoliate•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 12 ml / 0.4 fl. oz
Love the way it brightens under my eyes and makes me look more awake.
Has a slight tint so disguises dark circles and is moisturising too!
I love this product. I apply with my finger like a pea sized amount. Gives my under eyes the perfect amount of glow/ wake up.
This under eye brightener leaves my under eyes feeling so hydrated and refreshed.
It’s good, like a CC cream, with a light texture, a delicate finish, and a glow. It smooths out pores, and I have quite wide ones in my T-zone. It blends well with powder. The effect is that of Korean skin. It doesn’t cause breakouts.
I bought this under eye brightner not thinking that it would achieve anything but I was wrong it’s great, I just pat it on over my makeup and the dark circles were immediately better and my whole face looked glowing,I don’t think I want to be without it now it’s definitely a favourite 🤩
A Vitamin C infused treatment that instantly brightens, blurs and energises for a refreshed, awakened look. With Illuminating Pigments, Licorice Extract and a soothing formula, it revives under eyes and preps for seamless concealer application.
•Soothing infusion helps cool, rehydrate and calm skin.•Aloe Vera, Cucumber & Chamomile instantly refresh and soothe•Ceramides deliver time-release moisture to restore balance•Ideal as a post-sun or stress relief skin treatment•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 3 x 23 g / 0.8 oz
Really refreshing for your skin.
I absolutely love these sheet masks, especially after a long day out in the sun they are so calming and soothing on the face.
My skin was looking a little dehydrated after spending a week at the beach even using spf and this mask brought it to life!! I will keep using it on regular basis to keep my skin healthy!
Perfect as a post-sun treatment or anytime your skin needs extra care, these ultra-soothing microfiber masks are packed with calming botanicals and moisture-boosting ingredients. Gentle, bridgeable and suitable for all skin types.
Rose Cream Cleanser
•Nourishing daily cream cleanser•Formulated with mineral-rich mud•Soothes ad hydrates while cleansing•Calms sensitivity and conditions dry skin•Suitable for all skin types, especially dry or sensitive•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 135 ml / 4.57 fl oz
Antioxidant Tonic•Hydrates, protects, and revitalizes•3-in-1: toner, essence, serum•Deeply hydrates, restores elasticity•Infused with Cloudberry, Lingonberry, Strawberry, Blueberry•Birch Water base moisturizes & nourishes•Alcohol-free•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 250 ml / 8.5 fl oz
Vitamin-C CapsuleCare
•Single-dose capsules keep serums fresh and effective•Brightens and energises with Vitamin C and E•Nourishes and revitalises skin with Botanical Oils•Smooths and evens tone for a radiant glow•Twist-to-open biodegradable capsules ideal for travel•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 30 capsules
•Use daily, or as often as needed.•Step 1: Dampen your face and apply a coin-sized amount of Rose Cream Cleanser to your skin.•Step 2: Massage the cleansing cream onto your skin in gentle circular motions.•Step 3: Rinse your face with water or use a moist face cloth to remove the product.
Antioxidant Tonic
•Use: Either in the AM and PM or when needed.•Use daily after cleansing.
•Use daily, or as often as needed.•Step 1: Cleanse your face with a Pixi Beauty face wash.•Step 2: Apply a Pixi Beauty facial toner.•Step 3: Twist off capsule tip to open.•Step 4: Smooth serum onto clean skin or mix a capsule in with your moisturiser.
•Rose Flower Oil moisturises & restores•Chamomile soothes & calms
•Avocado Oil conditions & replenishes
•Superfood Berries provide antioxidants.•White Ginger Lily Root helps to protect skin from pollution.•Probiotics work to help soothe and tone.
•Vitamin-C brightens•Vitamin E provides Antioxidant protection•Plant Oils nourish
The skin after it is smooth and nourished! I like it a lot!
Product is superb easy to use with best outcome
Just started using this been a couple weeks  and it’s a game changer , so hydrating but not heavy or oily , it absorbs well and leaves no sticky residue like most serum toner hybrids. PLEASE DON’T DISCONTINUE or change formula it’s perfect. Thank you Pixi
It's too oily for me, I'm not used to the tonic like this...
This will be my first time trying to swim, but I have heard amazing reviews.
Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Cetyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Diatomaceous Earth/Solum Diatomeae/Terre de Diatomées, Glyceryl Stearate, PEG-100 Stearate, Montmorillonite, Disodium Cocoyl Glutamate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Squalane, Xanthan Gum, Kaolin, Sodium Cocoyl Glutamate, Caprylyl Glycol, Chlorphenesin, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Disodium EDTA, Rosa Gallica Flower Powder, Triticum Vulgare (Wheat) Germ Oil, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Aniba Rosaeodora (Rosewood) Wood Oil, Eugenia Caryophyllus (Clove) Leaf Oil, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, CitrusLimon (Lemon) Peel Oil, Cymbopogon Martini Oil, Cupressus Sempervirens Leaf/Nut/Stem Oil, Cymbopogon Schoenanthus Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Eucalyptus Globulus Leaf Oil, Rosa Damascena Flower Oil, Mica, BHT, Linalool.
Antioxidant TonicAqua/Water/Eau, Betula Alba Bark Water, Propanediol, Glycerin, Fragaria Vesca (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Vitis-Idaea Fruit Extract, Rubus Chamaemorus Fruit Extract, Hedychium Coronarium Root Extract, Niacinamide, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Maris Aqua/Sea Water/Eau de Mer, Ceramide NP, Betaine, Panthenol, Lactobacillus Ferment Lysate Filtrate, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Populus Tremuloides Bark Extract, Sodium PCA, Polyglyceryl-4 Caprate, Polyglyceryl-6 Caprylate, Cellulose Gum, Algin, Tetrasodium Glutamate Diacetate, Sodium Citrate, Citric Acid, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin, 1,2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol.
Revitalize your skincare routine with this glow-boosting trio designed to cleanse, nourish, and brighten. Featuring the soothing Rose Cream Cleanser, the multi-tasking Antioxidant Tonic, and potent Vitamin-C CapsuleCare, this bundle delivers hydration, radiance, and protection in every step!
•“This is the secret to looking like you’ve had the best night’s sleep” - Petra
•Minimize under-eye darkness•Fight free radicals for healthier skin•Even out skin tone for a luminous finish•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 30 pairs / 60 patches + spatula
•Vitamin C brightens & energizes
•Licorice evens skin tone
So refreshing
I love these eye patches. Very refreshing.
They don't slip and stay put. I have used other pixi eye patches and these are my favorite.
I definitely  recommend  these.
These leave my eyes so hydrated and brightened. Easy to use with the lovely little spatula. These are a must in my beauty box.
Wake up tired eyes in a flash! These Vitamin C, Licorice, and Ginseng-infused hydrogel patches hydrate and rejuvenate your under-eye area, leaving you looking bright-eyed and refreshed.
Glow Mist•All-over glow mist for a luminous, dewy complexion•Hydrates, nourishes and protects skin•Sets and refreshes makeup throughout the ay•Can be used on hair or added shine and glow•Enriched with 21 Natural Oils, Propolis, Aloe and Fruit Extracts•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 80 ml / 2.70 fl oz
Rose Glow Mist•Multi-use mist to prep, set and refresh•Adds a natural, dewy glow•Packed with 21 nourishing natural oils•Rose Oil moisturizes and restores•Argan Oil hydrates and smooths•Avocado Oil provides Fatty Acids and Antioxidants•Can be used on skin and hair•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 80 ml / 2.7 fl oz
Milky Hydrating Mist•“Try Hydrating Milky Mist chilled for a soothing, comforting hydration, even on top of makeup!” - Petra•Instant hydration with Hyaluronic Acid•Soothes skin with Black Oat Extract and B Vitamins•Ideal first moisture layer before serums or makeup•Can be used chilled over makeup for soothing hydration•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 80 ml / 2.70 fl oz
Mix and layer Glow, Rose & Hydrating Milky Mists based on your skin's needs.•Use: In the AM and PM or when needed•Step 1: Shake to mix•Step 2: Close eyes and mist over face, neck & hair.
Glow Mist
•Propolis Extract has antioxidant properties•Rose Flower Oil soothes & hydrates•Lavender Oil calms & soothes
Rose Glow Mist
•Rose Oil moisturizes & restores•Argan Oil hydrates & smoothes•Avocado Oil is an excellent source of Fatty Acids & Antioxidants
Hydrating Milky Mist
•Hyaluronic Acid helps to moisturize•Black Oat Extract contains valuable vitamins•B Vitamin Complex strengthens skin
I’m so glad that Pixi has introduced this mist with hyaluronic acid, as my face responds really well to this ingredient. The sprayer really does provide a featherlight mist like the bottle says, and I find that it absorbs nicely. It hydrates well and I can see the results it offers when combined with my other facial products!
I think that if you haven't tried this that you should definitely go ahead and purchase it. It's like the best thing out there!!!
This is the world's best product for what I needed at the time!!!
This mist smells lovely and seems to have a nice moisturizing and smoothing effect - although I do use it in tandem with a number of other products! Applying it is cooling when it's hot weather as well.
This is light weight and so moisturizing I use it every day now
Glow MistWater, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Dipropylene Glycol, Butylene Glycol, Propolis Extract, Niacinamide, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Betaine, Sodium Hyaluronate, PEG/PPG-17/6 Copolymer, Panthenol, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Oenothera Biennis (Evening Primrose) Oil, Rosa Canina Fruit Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Macadamia Integrifolia Seed Oil, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, Illicium Verum (Anise) Fruit Extract, Adenosine, Rose Flower Oil, Tagetes Minuta Flower Oil, Mentha Arvensis Leaf Oil, Elettaria Cardamomum Seed Oil, Thymus Vulgaris (Thyme) Oil, Eugenia Caryophyllus (Clove) Leaf Oil, Melaleuca Alternifolia (Tea Tree) Leaf Oil, Vetiveria Zizanoides Root Oil, Cymbopogon Schoenanthus Oil, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Oil, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Oil, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil.
Rose Glow MistAqua/Water/Eau, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Glycerin, Dipropylene Glycol, Butylene Glycol, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Betaine, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Illicium Verum (Anise) Fruit Extract, Trehalose, Panthenol, Eclipta Prostrata Extract, Artemisia Absinthium Extract, Arnica Montana Flower Extract, Achillea Millefolium Extract, Viola Mandshurica Flower Extract, Hibiscus Esculentus Fruit Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Gentiana Lutea Root Extract, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Cymbopogon Martini Oil, Melia Azadirachta Leaf Extract, Vegetable Oil, Cananga Odorata Flower Oil, Rosa Damascena Flower Oil, Citrus Aurantium Bergamia (Bergamot) Peel Oil, Propylene Glycol, Moringa Oleifera Seed Oil, Tocopherol.
Hydrating Milky MistWater, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Dipropylene Glycol, Cetyl Ethylhexanoate, Phenoxyethanol, Polyglyceryl-10 Oleate, Ethylhexylglycerin, PEG-60 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Cetearyl Isononanoate, Allantoin, Ceteareth-20, Trideceth-10, Hydrolyzed Glycosaminoglycans, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Glyceryl Stearate, Ceteareth-12, Cetyl Alcohol, Stearyl Alcohol, Cetyl Palmitate, Disodium EDTA, Fragrance, Citric Acid, Benzoic Acid, Lecithin, Avena Strigosa Seed Extract.
Discover your perfect skin refresh with the Misting Must-Haves trio. Featuring Glow Mist, Rose Glow Mist and Hydrating Milky Mist, this set delivers hydration radiance and soothing nourishment in every spritz. Ideal use before or after makeup, or anytime your skin needs a boost.
•Exfoliates, unclogs pores and smooths skin texture•Glycolic & Lactic Acids clarify and brighten•Salicylic Acid helps clear breakouts•Aloe soothes while Probiotics balance and strengthen•Suitable for all skin types, especially blemish-prone•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 250 ml / 8.5 fl oz
This is a great refreshing step. The salicylic acid helps reduce and quickly clear breakouts and the AHA components facilitate exfoliation. Nice to have both things in one product. No irritation or scent and the price is reasonable compared to other similar products. I started with a travel size to try and just repurchased a full size because I like it so much.
I love this and wish it was around when I was a teen! It works nice and fast! I have been sharing this with my kids to help get them into a routine to help their skin. Redness and irritation also disappear.
Very gentle, great for daily use even on sensitive skin
Feels Very Good On Skin .
It moisturizes well, but I can't say that it removes black spots. It's rather weak.
Formulated with Glycolic, Lactic and Salicylic Acids, Clarity Tonic promotes smoother, clearer skin without stripping moisture. Aloe and Probiotics soothe and balance, making it ideal for breakout-prone or congested skin. Alcohol-free formula that gently exfoliates while supporting a balanced, healthy complexion.
•Curling, defining, lengthening and thickening in one formula•Rich pigment delivers long-lasting full color•Cone-shaped brush gives a precise, even coat•Waterproof and smudge-free finish•Enriched with Vitamin E to nourish lashes•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 7 g / 0.25 oz
I love this mascara. Easy to use small brush, for a clumsy person like me it really helps with application.  Builds to a nice natural look with one or two coats and an extra coat gives more glam. Long lasting and not flaky. Waterproof and sweat proof.  Everything you want in a mascara.
This is the only mascara that keeps my lashes curled and I've used it for at least two years but probably longer. The last two I purchased have  a different wand that is tighter and goopier than the previous wands that were holy grail in my opinion. The former wand reminded me of Dior Show, nice and fluffy. It still works but application isn't as foolproof or good. Kinda bummed but still using as it's the best I've found so far.
I received this mascara in one of my subscription boxes a while back, and It wasn't my absolute favorite mascara, but it was a good mascara, it didn't flake, it just didn't give me the length I wanted, but other than that it was a great mascara, Def worth a purchase!
Easy to apply, does what is says, great brush.
The brush has way too much product and clumped up my lashes.  Also, trying to remove was very difficult.  Had to really scrub to remove and even then not completely removed.
Do-it-all waterproof mascara that curls, defines, lengthens and volumizes lashes with a rich pigment and glossy finish. Features a cone-shaped brush for even coating and bold, smudge-free definition that lasts all day.
•Pore-minimizing primer with soft-focus, cashmere finish•Hydrating and oil-free formula controls shine•Vitamin E nourishes and protects•Suitable for all skin types•Can be used under or over makeup
•Oil-free•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 30 ml / 1.01 fl oz
Love this stuff
I love this product so much that I purchased 2 more tubes so I make sure I don’t run out! LOL
I have finally found a primer THATs a poor minimized!!!! I’m about to order TWO more!
The primer is great for wearing on its own or under makeup,I’ve tried it both ways and my makeup has stayed perfect all day and on its own it just feels so soft and blurs out pores and fine wrinkles. It’s definitely worth it and I would recommend it.
Love this so much im 41 and this does wonders for my skin im not one to leave reviews but this is amazing put this on after my moisturiser and it blends like magic and sinks in beautiful making my skin more smooth and pores less noticeable
Miracle-in-a-tube primer that visibly blurs pores, controls shine and creates a silky-smooth, flawless base for long-lasting makeup. Enriched with Vitamin E, Salicylic Acid and Soybean Extract to care for skin while perfecting your look.
•Salicylic Acid purifies•Centella Asiatica clarifies
•Green Tea Leaf Extract calms
Spots gone the next day
Still trying to see if it helps with blind hard pimples, but they are really patches that instantly minimise the appearance and redness of blemishes.
Love these stickers, I use them when I have a spot or feel one coming on, they really do soothe the inflammation and will bring out the worst of it to clear the spot quickly.
Would highly recommend, and always make sure I have some in.
Easy to use. Good results.
Daughter loves these, usually used star face but tried these with the rest of the range and loves them
•Gently exfoliates and resurfaces skin•Loosens dead skin cells with Fruit Enzymes•Lactic Acid refines for smoother texture•Sugar Extracts and cellulose polish and brighten•Delivers salon-quality results at home•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 80 ml / 2.7 fl oz
I have only used this once, but it made my skin feel soft and illuminated. I can't wait to see how my skin is after a couple of months. Highly recommend this product.
It clear and clean the skin in first use. Love it
Very nice peeling. Skin is beautiful, soft, glowy and healthy looking afterwards.
Does exactly what it says it will, it exfoliates so well and has not made my skin sensitive like some exfoliants can. Not too strong, great for twice weekly use for me. Very smooth clear skin afterwards.
Great product- skin feels smooth and soft afterwards
Reveal a smoother, more radiant complexion with Peel & Polish, a professional-quality  enzyme treatment that exfoliates and resurfaces in minutes. The multi-action formula features Lactic Acid and natural Fruit Enzymes to lift dull skin, while Sugar Extracts and cellulose particles polish for added glow.
DetoxifEYE
•"You can achieve that "just woke up like this" awake-look, even when you haven't had the best night's sleep." - Petra
•Instantly reduces puffiness and under-eye circles•Hydrates and plumps with Caffeine, Cucumber and Gold•Reduce the look of dark circles and fine lines•Help tone, lift, and soothe the under-eye area•Unscented and free from artificial dyes•Use chilled for extra cooling and depuffing effect•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•Volume: 30 pairs / 60 patches + spatula
BeautifEYE
NutrifEYE
•Hydrating and soothing under-eye treatment•Depuffs and tones with cooling hydrogel•Infused with Rose, Aloe Vera and Chamomile•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Cruelty-free•For external use only•Volume: 30 pairs / 60 patches + spatula
•These eye patches are designed to be used daily or as needed.•Step 1: Cleanse your skin with a Pixi Beauty facial cleanser.•Step 2: Gently lift and separate each patch by using the enclosed spatula.•Step 3: Apply one patch to each under-eye area, making sure that the thickest part is at the outer corner of your eye.•Step 4: Leave the hydrating eye patches on for about 10 minutes and discard after use.•Step 5: Gently pat any leftover serum into your skin. Don’t wash off the excess serum.•Pro tip: Chill your eye patches before use for an extra de-puffing effect.
•Use daily, or as often as needed.•Step 1: Use enclosed spatula to gently lift and separate each patch.•Step 2: Apply onto clean, dry under-eye area with the thickest part at the outer corner.•Step 3: Repeat on the other side.•Step 4: Leave on for 10 min.•Step 5: Discard after use.•Step 6: Gently pat remaining serum into skin.•Do not wash off.•Pro tip: Use chilled for extra de-puffing effect.
•Use daily or as often as needed.•Step 1: Use included spatula to gently lift and separate each patch.•Step 2: Apply onto clean, dry undereye area with the thickest part at the outer corner.•Step 3: Repeat on the other side. Leave on for 10 min. and discard after use•Step 4: Gently pat remaining serum into skin. Do not wash off.•Pro tip: Use chilled for extra depuffing effect.
•Caffeine de-puffs & energises•Cucumber soothes & calms•Gold nourishes & fortifies
•Rose Flower Extract nourishes•Aloe Vera softens & hydrates•Chamomile soothes
Always feel nice and cool and refreshing
I use these eye patches everyday! I wash my face and put them on immediately. They help immensely and I have horribly puffy bags under my eyes!
I love these eye patches, helps my eyes feel refreshed and rested. I love the presentation as well with the little spatula, these patches stay on and don’t get dry.
Aqua/Water/Eau, Glycerin, Calcium Chloride, Xanthan Gum, Ceratonia Siliqua (Carob) Gum, Niacinamide, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Chondrus Crispus Powder, Allantoin, Arginine, Gold, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Fruit Extract, Pinus Sylvestris Leaf Extract, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract, Rubus Idaeus (Raspberry) Fruit Extract, Rubus Coreanus Fruit Extract, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract, Ribes Nigrum (Black Currant) Leaf Extract, Euterpe Oleracea Fruit Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Camellia Japonica Flower Extract, Arnica Montana Flower Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Sodium Hyaluronate, Caffeine, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Pentylene Glycol, Hydroxyacetophenone, Polyglyceryl-10 Laurate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cellulose Gum, Sodium Phytate, Phenoxyethanol, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288).
Aqua/Water/Eau, Glycerin, Chondrus Crispus, Glucomannan, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Water, Rosa Damascena Flower Water, Sodium Hyaluronate, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Allantoin, Erythritol, Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose, Xanthan Gum, Potassium Chloride, Propanediol, Hydroxyacetophenone, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288).
Brighten, soothe, and refresh with this trio of targeted hydrogel patches! DetoxifEYE de-puffs and hydrates, BeautifEYE energizes with Vitamin C for a radiant look, and NutrifEYE calms and nourishes with soothing botanicals. Three targeted formulas, one ultimate glow!
•"This natural palette will give you a gorgeous lit-from-within lustre. I use it AnyWhere I need to add a touch of warm glow or healthy hue." - Petra•Silky mineral powders leave the most lovely, radiant finish•6 multi-use shades to create customizable looks•Use on eyes, face and anywhere to add glow•Suitable for all skin types
Shade Descriptions:
•Cute - soft, pearly highlight•Subtly Suntouched -natural sun-kissed warmth•Peach-y -fresh peachy flush•Soft -soft bronze Glow•Rose Dew -fresh rosy radiance•Summertime -deep bronze lustre
•Vegan•Not tested on animals•Volume: 1.1oz / 32g
•Vitamin E nourishes & protects
•Apple Seed Oil is rich in antioxidants
•Ceramide NP restores skin’s moisture barrier
Great colors, easy to travel palette! Colors are shimmery and spread easily and evenly!
Amazing combination of colours and quality !
Loved! So obsessed
Gives me the best summer glow I’m in love, will be buying more for all of my girls!
At first I wasn't sure whether I would get this palette, since it overlaps some with shades which I have as singles and in other palettes. However, I decided to splurge when I had a discount and am glad that I did! The effects are subtle and largely natural-looking but very pretty and luminous when using the different colors on pale skin as blush, bronzer, and highlight. The palest highlighter has a little more glow, and the darker pink shade has some additional small sparkle particles in it. Very nice!
Summertime / Soft / Peach-y / Cute
Mica, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Magnesium Stearate, Polyethylene, Tocopheryl Acetate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Seed Oil, Ceramide NP, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Sorbitan Isostearate, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Tin Oxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491).
Rose Dew
Mica, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Magnesium Stearate, Polyethylene, Tocopheryl Acetate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Seed Oil, Ceramide NP, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Sorbitan Isostearate, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Tin Oxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491).
Subtly Sunkissed
Mica, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Sorbitan Isostearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Seed Oil, Ceramide NP, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
A multi-use palettecontaining6carefully curated anduniversally-flatteringshades to add agentle glow and hint ofsunkissedsoftness tothe complexion. Thesilky mineral formula blends like a dreamand is infused with skin-loving ingredients.
•"Instantly cooling, soothing & depuffing. I use this every morning, before makeup after using eye patches; and during the day, over makeup to revitalize & refresh!" - Petra
•Utilize the trio of steel rollerballs to elevate the depuffing, cooling and energizing effect of this treatment. Watch as the revitalizing serum disappears into the delicate eye area skin, leaving it rehydrated.
•This multitasker is infused with powerful age-defying ingredients to refresh eyes & prevent signs of fatigue.
•Cooling rollerball applicator soothes & encourages circulation around the eye.
•Volume: 25 ml / 0.8 fl oz
•Use in the AM & PM, or as needed.
•Step 1: Gently roll applicator all around the eye-area, both under and above the eyebrow 2 to 3 times.
•Step 2: For extra de-puffing, chill before use for extra cooling effect.
I love the new roll on applicator much better than the old one. Thank you
Not trying to hate on anyone but its not for me. Like I said just because its not for me doesn't mean it could not be for someone else
Feels really nice and soothing
Gentle roller and cooling liquid leaves delicate skin soft and smooth
I like this roll on, it helps my eyes feel hydrated and love the sensation when applying.
Improved trio of steel rollerballs helps deliver this powerful age-defying treatment to refresh the delicate eye area & prevent signs of fatigue.
•"Our iconic Glow Tonic, which set the stage for Pixi’s signature glow-y skin." - Petra
•Exfoliates and purifies with 5% Glycolic Acid•Ginseng improves circulation and energizes•Removes excess oils and impurities•Aloe Vera soothes and hydrates•Refines pores and balances skin•Accelerates cell renewal for a glowing complexion•Alcohol-free, paraben-free, and suitable for all skin types•Not tested on animals
•Volume: 250 ml / 8.5 fl oz
My daughter gave it to me last year and I’ve used it regularly since. The many compliments that I receive have ensured I’m a devoted customer. Love it!
I’ve been using this tonic for a while, before receiving a sample size in another trial pack.
It’s a fabulous tonic which leaves the skin glowing and refreshed and ready for make up.
Even though I’m 76, looking after your skin is important and this really number one.
It does what it says. I love the glow
Eliminates tan and gives a glossy finish
This product is too good to use with best results
Experience the iconic PixiGlow! Our award-winning Glow Tonic, containing 5% Glycolic Acid, gently accelerates cell renewal to unveil a brighter, glowing complexion. This alcohol-free toner refines pores and soothes for radiant, healthier-looking skin.
•Exfoliates and purifies with 5% Glycolic Acid•Ginseng improves circulation and energizes•Removes excess oils and impurities•Aloe Vera soothes and hydrates•Refines pores and balances skin•Accelerates cell renewal for a glowing complexion•Alcohol-free, paraben-free, and suitable for all skin types•Not tested on animals•Volume: 100 ml / 3.4 fl oz
•Glycolic Acid (5%) exfoliates•Ginseng improves circulation & energizes•Aloe Vera soothes & hydrates•Fructose & Sucrose brighten
Take the iconic PixiGlow wherever you travel! Our award-winning Glow Tonic, containing 5% Glycolic Acid, gently accelerates cell renewal to unveil a brighter, glowing complexion. This alcohol-free toner refines pores and soothes for radiant, healthier-looking skin.
•“As unique as it is powerful – a Nordic blend of super berries." – Petra•Hydrates, protects, and revitalizes.•3-in-1: toner, essence, serum.•Deeply hydrates, restores elasticity.•Infused with Cloudberry, Lingonberry, Strawberry, Blueberry.•Birch Water base moisturizes & nourishes.•Alcohol-free•Suitable for all skin types•Paraben-free•Not tested on animals•Volume: 250 ml / 8.5 fl oz
Really feels nice on my skin. Keeps it from drying out. Helps my skin feel dewy but not sticky.  Keeps my face hydrated.
This Award-Winning, Glow boosting, triple-treat formula multi-tasks effectively as a toner, essence and serum, all in one! This multi-tasking tonic, infused with Birch Water, Probiotics and Antioxidant-rich Nordic Superfood Berries is designed to nourish, revitalize and enrich your complexion for instantly renewed radiance.  Experience the replenishing, radiant effect that feels as good as it looks!
Say hello to the PixiOn-The-Glow BLUSH Petites—our award-winning multitasking blush stick, now in a mini, ultra-portable size!
I createdOn-The-Glow BLUSHto be that effortless, everyday pop ofcolouryou can swipe on in seconds. Now, this petite version is here to keep your glow game strong—wherever life takes you.
Tuck it into your tiniest clutch, gym bag, or carry-on—it’sglow you canliterally takeeverywhere.
Yourfavouriteformula, still full of skin-loving goodness Just like its full-sized sister, this mini blush is packed with nourishing ingredients:
•Ginsengto awaken andrevitalizetired skin
•Aloe Verato hydrate and calm
•Fruit Extractsto nourish and boost that natural glow
The smooth balm texture glides effortlessly across cheeks, lips, or lids—delivering a sheer, buildable tint with that signature Pixi dewy finish. No brushes needed, just a fewfingertaps andyou’reglowing.
•Fleur– A soft,rosy pinkthat gives a fresh, garden-inspired flush
•Juicy– A warm, peachy-coral that instantly brightens up the face
•Ruby– A rich crimson red for that just-pinched pop ofcolour
•CheekTone– A magical, custom shade that adapts to your skin’s natural pH for a totally you glow
Whetheryou’retouching up after a long day, freshening up between brunch and errands, or adding a little life back to yourlookmid-flight, these petites are the perfect beauty companion.
At Pixi, we believe that beauty should be easy, skin-loving, and joyful. This petite blush is proof that good things really do come in small, glow-filled packages.
You asked for it – and we love your ideas – keep them coming –we always listen!Ican’twait to see which one becomes your new must-have.
Which shade will youswipefirst?
Stay glowing always,
Petraxoxo
Visit us atPixiBeauty.com@pixibeauty #pixibeauty
New Launch: +Hydra LipTreat Hello, Beauties! It's Petra here, today, I'm absolutely thrilled to introduce you to a product that's set to transform your lip care routine – the +Hydra...
We are unveiling the Magic of Personalized Glow! We proudly present our NEW On-the-Glow Blush shade : CheekTone! 😊 As the founder of Pixi Beauty and an advocate for radiant,...
Hello Lovely Glow-Getters & Hello Kitty Fans!
It’s Petra here from Pixi—and today, I’m so excited to share a truly special treat that brings a little more playfulness to your beauty routine. Another Pixi + Hello Kitty product to join our collection!✨🎀
We’ve partnered with none other than the adorable, iconic Hello Kitty to create something as joyful as it is glow-giving. Introducing thePixi + Hello Kitty AnyWhere Palette! A multi-use palette that’s all about effortless beauty with a fun, nostalgic twist—because glowing skin and a little bit of Hello Kitty magic? That’s a match made in Pixi heaven!
This all-in-one compact is perfect for eyes, cheeks and highlighting those features you love most. Designed to travel with you everywhere, the Anywhere Palette gives you everything you need to glow on-the-go—no matter where the day takes you.💖
Versatile Shades– A curated collection of soft mattes, silky shimmers, and luminous cheek tones that complement all complexions- some old favorites and some brand-new shades!
Multitasking Magic– Use on eyes, cheeks, or even a sweep across the décolleté for a glowing finish.
Portable, Perfect Design– Slim, portable, and oh-so-pretty, with Hello Kitty’s signature charm to make you smile every time you open it.
As with all Pixi products, this palette is infused with skin-loving ingredients, because we believe makeup should be just as kind to your skin as it is flattering. Every shade blends like a dream and builds beautifully, letting you go from a soft, everyday glow to a full-on luminous moment.
My Tip:I love using the bronzer all over to add a touch of warmth, the peachy tones on the apples of the cheeks, a sweep of shimmer on the lids, and one of the deeper hues as a liner—then I just pop it in my bag for touch-ups throughout the day! ☀️🎀I use our Pixi Brushes for all my makeup: and for this palette the Cheek Brush & Glow Brush works super well.To grab yours click here!
At Pixi, we’re all about celebrating natural beauty—and this palette brings a little extra sweetness to your routine. Whether you’re a lifelong Hello Kitty fan or just love a good glow, this palette is designed to make you feel happy, confident, and radiant.
I can’t wait for you to try it—and I just know it’ll become your new daily delight. So, where will you take your Hello Kitty glow first?
Petra xoxo
Discover more Hello Kitty treatshere.
For years, I spentso much timetrying to improve on dullness, dark spots, and uneven skin tone.
Whether it was from long days working as a makeup artist or too much sun in my 20s (yes, Idefinitelyskipped SPF a few times—oops!), I have the sunspots to prove it! I always wished for somethingsimplethat could help immediately and long-term, something you could just stick on as well when you are travelling or at night.
Fast forward to today, and I finally created what Ineeded all those years ago—theBright-C Stickers.
These little brightening patches are packed with:☀️Vitamin Cto brighten and even out skin tone💧Hyaluronic Acidfor a dewy, plumped-up complexion✨Niacinamide & Licorice Extractto help fade dark spots
I use themeverywhere—on old acne marks, sunspots, or anywhere my skin looks uneven in tone.  I even wear themwhile answering emails or driving my kids to school. They’reinvisiblebutpowerful—just how quick skincare fixes should be!
Effortless dark spot treatment, one sticker at a time.
I can’t wait to hear how they work for you! Where will you wear yourBright-C Stickers?
With love & luminosity,💚Petra
Discover more Vitamin-C infused treatshere.
Discover your everyday Eye-Awakener with our depuffing serum! Roll into easy hydration with our refreshing Roll-On DetoxifEYE Serum, with a NEW & improved applicator!
The colder months call for a routine that is going to lock in moisture and replenish while shedding dry, dull skin to reveal your natural radiance. We have crafted the perfect routine...
Give your skin instant refreshment with our facial mists, these are a great way to rehydrate skin throughout the day, lock in moisture during your skincare routine or used on...
It’s Petra here again, thank you for reading! With immense joy and boundless excitement, I introduce to you the latest masterpiece from our Pixi collection - the Antioxidant Tonic! This...
Greetings, Pixi Lovelies! I am absolutely thrilled to introduce you to the realm of radiant, fuss-free beauty with our glowing line, +C VIT Colourtreats! Picture this: the nourishing care of...
Hello, lovely Pixi Beauties, I often find myself captivated by the soothing and nurturing embrace of rose gardens. They encapsulate the very essence of the Pixi brand, intertwining natural beauty...
Hey, lovelies! It’s Petra, founder of Pixi here 😊 Today, I'm thrilled to share with you my tips & tricks for the ultimate glowing skin—and of course a little about...
Hello Lovely Glow-Getters,
It’s Petra here, and I’m beyond excited to share the latest addition to the Pixi family—our LipBlush! This game-changing lip stain is everything you need for a fresh, long-lasting colour that feels weightless on your lips. Whether you're going for a soft, natural tint or a more defined look, LipBlush’s easy-to-use marker-pen applicator makes it a breeze to achieve perfectly defined lips, with a vibrant flush that stays put.
When I set out to create this product, I wanted it to be as effortless as possible. Sometimes you just need something quick and easy that still gives you flawless results. The LipBlush delivers exactly that—it's a water-based stain that’s lightweight, breathable, and gives you beautiful, smudge-proof colour without the need for constant touch-ups.
One of the key reasons I’m so proud of this product is that it goes beyond just adding colour.LipBlushis packed with nourishing ingredients that care for your lips as it colours them. I wanted to create a product that didn’t just make your lips look good but kept them feeling soft and hydrated all day long.
LipBlushnot only delivers stunning colour, but also takes care of your lips with every swipe. The formula is enriched with Humectants that lock in moisture, ensuring your lips stay hydrated and soft, even while wearing long-lasting colour. It’s the perfect solution for preventing the dryness that can sometimes come with tinted products. Additionally, Panthenol works as a lip saviour, conditioning and smoothing the lips to give them a soft, plump feel. To further nourish and protect, vitamin E is included for its antioxidant-rich properties, leaving your lips feeling healthy, rejuvenated, and beautifully cared for throughout the day.
With five beautiful shades to choose from, there’s a perfect hue for every mood:Youth:A sheer, fresh pink that gives your lips a soft, youthful flush. 🌸Purity:A natural nude for an effortlessly chic look.🤎Beauty:A peachy-pink for a warm, flattering tint. 🍑Happiness:A bright, cheerful rose that adds a fun pop of colour. 🌹Love:The perfect red—subtle yet striking for every occasion. ❤️
For me,LipBlushhas quickly become a staple in my beauty routine. The precision marker-pen makes it so easy to define my lips, and the formula ensures the colour stays on without fading or smudging. I love how this tint not only defines but also nourishes my lips throughout the day. It’s the perfect blend of colour and care.
I can’t wait for you to tryLipBlushand see how effortlessly it transforms your lips. Whether you're wearing it for a natural, flushed look or to define your lips with a pop of colour, this product is all about enhancing your natural beauty in the most effortless way.
Until next time, take care of your lips, love your natural beauty, and keep feeling confident in your own skin.
Stay radiant,
Petraxxxxxxx
Discover more lip-loving treatshere.
Hello, Lovely Glow-Getters!
As a makeup artist, I’ve always believed that beauty should be effortless yet transformative. Some of my best beauty discoveries have come from real-life moments—whether it’s backstage at a photoshoot, getting ready in five minutes before the school run, or touching up in the car between meetings. I know firsthand how frustrating it is when lips feel dry, tight or dull, and I wanted to create something that solves that in one simple step.
That’s why I’m so excited to introduceLipMask, a luscious moisturizing treatment-meets-tint that keeps your lips plumped, nourished and beautifully radiant—without the fuss.
I wanted something that felt as good as it looked—a formula that instantly nourished and softens while adding a natural wash of colour. Think of it as your favourite lip treat, a smoothing mask and a sheer tint, all in one. Whether you’re heading out the door, winding down with a self-care ritual, or simply need a moment of indulgence,LipMaskis there to pamper and perfect. The jelly-like texture melts into lips for a cushiony feel, leaving them soft, plump and glowing. And the best part? It’s completely effortless. Just swipe on and go! Plus, with a built-in applicator and travel-friendly design, it’s made for beauty on the go—just like you.
I believe beauty should be as good for your skin as it is for your confidence, which is why I infusedLipMaskwith a blend of nourishing ingredients:
Camellia Oil– Packed with omega fatty acids to deeply condition and soften.Jojoba Oil– A replenishing hero that locks in moisture for lasting hydration.Pomegranate Extract– A powerful antioxidant that protects and revives.
The result?Lips that feel as smooth as they look—plumped, pampered, and glowing with hydration!
Sucre– A glowing pink that gives a glowing highlightCaliente– A juicy orange for a vibrant, very fresh lipAmore– A soft strawberry red that’s equal parts chic and effortless
Each shade is universally flattering, giving you that perfect pop of colour while keeping lips looking naturally beautiful. Whether you’re a no-makeup-makeup kind of glow-getter or love a bold lip moment, these won’t disappoint you.
I love usingLipMaskthroughout the day—swiping it on before lipstick for extra hydration, alone for a soft, dewy glow, or as an overnight treatment so I wake up to baby-soft, pillowy lips. And because I can never have just one, I keep one in my bag, at my desk, and on my nightstand—trust me, you’ll want to do the same!
At Pixi, we believe in beauty that fits into your life, not the other way around.LipMaskis a little moment of luxury for your lips—effortless, nourishing and glow-boosting, just like all our Pixi essentials.
I can’t wait for you to try it! Which shade are you excited for?!
Stay glowing,
Petra
xoxo
For over 25 years, I have been dedicated to enhancing the natural beauty in everyone! With a passion for skin-loving ingredients, I created Pixi to make you feel like the best version of you.
Our magical journey began with one littleGlow Tonicand look where we are now! Our commitment to delivering real results with products that work for our customers is what defines us. We've stayed true to this mission from day one, and it's what will continue to guide us into the future.
We are Glowing brighter than ever, all thanks to YOU! For 25 awe-inspiring years, you’ve let us be a part of your radiance journey, and we couldn’t be more thrilled.
Unlock Your Glow With Petra’s Favourites
Glow Tonic
Twenty-five years ago, my skin had a romantic rendezvous with Glycolic Acid. The next morning, I woke up to skin that was anything but dull. From that day on, I was committed to bringing this miraculous ingredient into the limelight.
The cornerstone of this vision? Our iconicGlow Tonic,which set the stage for Pixi's signature glow-y skin.
This highly concentratedGlow Toniccleanses pores by sweeping away excess oil and impurities while exfoliating gently to leave skin feeling invigorated and energized.
Rose Oil Blend
I often find myself captivated by the soothing and nurturing embrace of rose gardens. They encapsulate the very essence of the Pixi brand, intertwining natural beauty with a refreshing burst of rejuvenation. I wanted to create a product that echoes the purity and vibrance found in each petal.
Rose Oil Blendis a luxe, ultra-nourishing oil that rejuvenates, restores and renews skin's luminosity. If your skin feels dry,Rose Oil Blendis going to offer the ultimate rich nourishment! The Sweet Almond, Jojoba & Rosehip Oil mix helps to create a cocoon of silky moisture.
Sheer Cheek Gel
This little gem has been keeping cheeks perfectly flushed since 1999! As one of our original products, it is a staple in my daily makeup routine, bringing the colours of berries to cheeks all around!
It’s lightweight, gives you that natural “just blushed” Glow, and is packed with Aloe Vera for an extra dose of hydration. Whether you’re a longtime fan or just discovering this classic, it’s the ultimate secret to a fresh-faced, all-day radiance.
Hydrating Milky Mistis a favourite amongst all our Pixi lovelies. It’s a deep hydration mist and is the ultimate remedy for stressed, dry, and sensitive skin. It includes Black Oat extract for anti-inflammatory effects to soothe & calm. Hyaluronic Acid instantly helps skin absorb moisture to plump and rehydrate.
Our best-selling mist delivers the perfect boost of hydration to the skin. This is a hydrating mist-on moisturizer that is loved because of its soothing and calming effect. Excellent under or on top of makeup - a makeup artist favourite for sure.
Here’s to many more years of glowing together and we can't wait for what is ahead!
Much love always,
Xoxo,
T’is the season for GLOWtober! Here at Pixi, we are ready to celebrate our cult favourite – Glow Tonic. I cannot believe that we have had this product for so...
We have been on the glow again, lovelies! This time, adding a Pixi perfect touch to Phoenix, Salt Lake City, Denver & Vancouver. We had an amazing time celebrating our...
The start of 2019 has definitely been memorable! Not only did we have our BIGGEST launch ever of fresh Pixi arrivals, but we also had our favourite lovelies join us...
Refresh your beauty routine with perfectly paired makeup and skincare sets from Pixi Beauty. Find the right combination of skincare treatments for your needs or try new offerings in the season’s hottest shades by exploring our thoughtfully paired routines. Our gifts category is the one stop shop if you are looking to find gifts for mom, gifts for girlfriend, or just gift ideas for Christmas. Frommust-have Colourtreat combos like the+C Vit Brightening Trioand the+Rose Favourite Trio, you’llfind picture-perfect options to keep your skin glowing.Pixi Beauty BundlesThese holiday bundlescombineseveral curatedproductsinto oneconvenient, value-priced package. Order a skincare kit packed with some of our best-selling products or choosea makeupsamplekit to try out the season’s most popularcolours.When it comes to skincare, Pixi Beauty has you covered. Find sets to nourish, moisturize, and pamper your skin.We offer gift sets for every skin type and every beauty need that are perfect to gift your loved ones for the holidays or a special occasion.Once your skincare is under control, give yourself a new look with a Pixi Beauty makeup bag or set of makeup brushes.Travel Beauty KitsFor girlson the go, Pixi Beauty offers a great selection of travel beauty kits. Our travel kits contain smaller sizes that fit perfectly in your beauty bag or luggage. Pick out a travel skincarefavouriteor choose one of ourMulti-UseBeautyPalettesforallthe makeup you need to create yourfavouritelooks from one convenientpalette. Findall ofour best travel kits in one place and enjoy value pricing on perfectly paired sets.Shop Pixi Beauty’s collection of specially curated kits today to find the beauty solutions you love for less. Whether you’re looking for a Pixi skincare set packed withskintreatsor a beauty kit gift for your bestie, you’ll find everything you need and more. Browse our selection today for access toall ofour perfectly paired Pixi Beauty kits.
Gift Cards
Ouregift cards area great waytosend agift that you can be confident your loved one will enjoy. Simply select the amount of yourchoice,for a custom gift card;includea personal messageand then add it to your cart topurchaseonline. Oncepurchasedyourgift card will be emailed straight over to you, where you can then send it out to whoever you wish and when the time is right.
Discover the Pixi magic in our LA and London boutiques to explore our newest must-haves and enjoy a complimentary beauty consultation.  Pixi's mission is the same now as when we first opened, to bring out the natural beauty in everyone.
Located in Soho, London
Pixi Beauty Boutique London
Located in Los Angeles
Pixi Beauty Boutique L.A.
Monday – Friday: 8am – 5pm PSTSaturday – Sunday & Major holidays: Closed
We are devoted to providing exceptional customer service and beauty products of the highest quality.
For immediate answers to commonly asked questions, please review ourFAQ page here.
To apply and be considered for the Pixi Ambassador Program, please fill out theapplication form.
If you are already part of the Program and have questions or need to update your information, please contact us in the link above.
Please submit your  using the form below and one of our Customer Care Team will be in touch ASAP. All fields are required.
If you're a registered shopper, simplyclick here. You'll enter email address, and we'll reunite you with your lost password.
Our newsletters are an amazing source of information and exclusive offers. Plus, you'll be the first to know about newly added products, as well as other fun stuff.
But...if you really must unsubscribe,click hereto access our email removal form. Please allow up to 72 hours to be removed from our list.
We are usually unable to edit an order once an order is placed due to how quickly orders are processed and shipped.
If you have specific questions about your order, please reach out to our customer care team atcustomercare@pixibeauty.comfor further assistance.
Our team works hard to process and ship orders as quickly as possible therefore there's only a very limited amount of time after an order has been placed when your order can be cancelled.
Please reach out to our customer care team atcustomercare@pixibeauty.comwith your order number so that we can further advise.
If your order was cancelled, you will receive an email notice to explain the reason for the cancellation (see below). And most importantly - youWILL NOT BE BILLEDfor any cancelled items.
If you are interested in placing a new order or if you have questions about a cancelled order, please contact our customer care team or call us at 1.201.512.5675 (Mon - Fri 08:00 am - 05:00 pm PST).
When an order gets cancelled it's usually due to one of the following reasons:
At this time, we are not currently looking for additional retail/wholesale partnerships.
If you reach out tocustomercare@pixibeauty.com, we will happily pass your information along so if in the future we are looking to expand.
Unfortunately, we must limit orders to no more than ten (10) units of any item. If you have any questions, please contact our customer care team or call us at 1.201.512.5675 (Mon - Fri 08:00 am - 05:00 pm PST).
If your shipment arrives damaged, please contact us atcustomercare@pixibeauty.comor 1.201.512.5675 (Mon - Fri 08:00 am - 05:00 pm PST) ASAP for next steps.
You must register with a phone number and email address where we can contact you, since there are cases where we will need your assistance in filing a claim.
We regret we cannot refund any postage charges incurred if you have changed your mind about your purchase.
All Pixi orders are shipped and delivered via the premium carrier, USPS! We only ship on business days (Monday through Friday, excluding major holidays). We currently offer the following shipping options:
Most orders shipped via standard service are processed and shipped in 1 - 2 business days, depending on product availability.
Most ground shipments are delivered within 2 - 7 business days from the order's ship date.
Orders being shipped to Alaska and Hawaii will receive an additional surcharge of $10, and some restrictions may apply.
We are currently unable to ship to APO/FPO and PO Box addresses. In order for us to facilitate delivery please kindly provide an alternative address for your order.
We have a UK site that can handle many of the international needs. However, from our US site we're unable to accept orders that are shipped to destinations outside the U.S.
Pleaseclick hereto access our UK site. Alternatively, you can change your location at bottom right of this page.
Depending on your order and location, it will ship from our warehouse in either Las Vegas or Pennsylvania within the United States.
Monday through Friday (excluding major holidays) most orders are processed within 24 hours of receipt. Orders placed on Saturday and Sunday will be processed the following Monday.
Once an order is dispatched, it's typically delivered within 2-7 business days, depending on the delivery address.
We have a passion for creating cruelty-free makeup and skincare products that bring out the natural beauty in all! Helping you achieve this is always our top priority.
We accept returns fromwww.pixibeauty.comwithin 30 days of purchase for unopened or gently used items. Please email our Customer Care Team atcustomercare@pixibeauty.comto receive step-by-step instructions on how to return your items. As we are always striving to improve your experience with us, please provide your order number as well as the reason for your return.
In some cases, we may provide a prepaid return label at our discretion. Otherwise, return shipping costs are the responsibility of the customer, and we recommend using a tracked and insured service for your return.
Please note:Pixi is not responsible for return postage, insurance fees, or items lost or undeliverable in transit.
Free gifts, promotional items, significantly used products, incomplete sets, shipping charges, or items purchased from third-party retailers are not eligible for return.
Please note refunds are processed to your original payment method and can take up to 2-5 business days to reflect in your account, depending on your bank's policy.
We are happy to accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card & Catch. We also accept Klarna for flexible payment plans.
In some cases, credit cards with billing addresses outside the U.S. may get rejected by our processor.
For your security, your billing name and address must match that of the credit card used for payment. We reserve the right to cancel any order that does not match these criteria.
We do not charge your credit card until the date we ship your merchandise to you. Orders are subject to verification and acceptance before shipping. We are not responsible for typographical errors.
Not if you're shipping to an address outside California or New York.
If you are a resident of California or New York, we are required to collect sales tax on total shipped merchandise, including shipping & handling fees, shipped to California and New York. If you have other questions regarding sales tax, please feel free to email us atcustomercare@pixibeauty.com.
No, wedo notstore your credit card details.
The security of the information regarding your order is very important to us. All financial transactions are carried out via a secure payment gateway.
Klarna is the smoothest & safest way to get what you want today and pay overtime.
To learn more about Klarna, please visit our Klarna FAQsHERE.
Catch is an alternative payment method linked to your debit card or bank account, like Venmo or PayPal, that allows us to pass on savings to you in the form of store credit.
By paying with Catch, you earn 5% of your purchase subtotal back in the form of store credit to redeem on your next purchase online at pixibeauty.com. Store credits must be used before they expire, 6 months after being issued.
To sign up, simply select Catch at checkout and you will be redirected to Catch to log in or create an account. From there, continue checkout like normal to earn your 5% back in store credit. Credits will automatically be applied when you shop with us again and pay with Catch.
Once you are on the checkout page you will be able to enter your discount code.
If the discount code is valid, the offer will be reflected in your cart.
Only one code allowed per order.
Yes, we do! Our E-gift cards are a great way to gift a Pixi treat that you can be confident your loved one will enjoy. Simply select the amount of your choice, include a personal message and then add it to your cart to purchase online. Once purchased your E-Gift card will be emailed straight over to you, where you can then send it out to whoever you wish and when the time is right.
Please click here to be taken to our E-Gift Card shopping page.
Our Pixi Boutique US flagship store is located at the Westfield Century City Mall on 10250 Santa Monica Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90067.
Our Pixi Boutique London flagship store is located at 22a Foubert's Place, London, W1F 7PW.
If your order contains a product that qualifies as hazmat (e.g., SunMist SPF50 etc.), it requires a special shipping and handling process and must ship ground Standard Shipping (4-8 days total delivery time including processing time) for domestic. We cannot ship hazmat items to Alaska, Hawaii, P.O. boxes, and APO/FPO military address locations at this time.
Our Auto-Replenish subscription service ensures you won’t run out of your favourite Pixi products. Sign up and you will automatically receive your subscription items at the frequency of your choice for 10% off. You can customize and update your subscription settings anytime.
Find out more about Auto-Replenishhere.
Then check out as normal and receive 10% off your item at every delivery. Standard delivery fees apply.
Pixi Rewards is Pixi’s loyalty program that offers our Glowing Community exclusive rewards and experiences. Redeem rewards with points earned from qualifying purchases.
Learn more about our Pixi Rewards and our Glowing Communityhere.
To join our Glowing Community, you mustcreate an accountby entering your name, email and choosing a password.
Free Shipping with Orders $45+
ESTIMATED 2-5 DAYS
FLAT FEE $6
Orders placed before 1:00PM EST
Selected areas only
ESTIMATED 1-3 DAYS
FLAT FEE $8
Orders placed before 1:00pm EST
ESTIMATED 1-2 DAYS
FLAT FEE $40
Priority Mail
FLAT RATE $6 OR FREE FOR ORDERS OVER $45
Orders placed before 1:00pm EST should arrive within 2-5 business days. This is a fully trackable service. This service may take longer to some rural areas.
Orders placed on Saturdays, Sundays or public holidays are handled on the Monday or the first working day after. (Working days exclude Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays).
* Selected areas: Alaska, America Samoa, Federated States Of Micronesia, Guam, Hawaii, Marshall Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico and U.S Virgin Islands will receive an additional $10.00 surcharge.
Expedited Shipping
FLAT RATE $8
Orders placed before 1:00pm EST should arrive within 1-3 business days. This is a fully trackable service.
Next Day Express
Orders placed before 1:00pm PST should arrive in 1-2 days. This is a fully trackable service.
Orders placed on Saturdays, Sundays or public holidays are handled on the Monday or the first working day after. (Working days exclude Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays)
Shipping Restrictions
Some items sold on pixibeauty.com require special handling as specified by federal, state and local regulations governing the transport of these items. Therefore, the shipment of some products to certain locations may not be possible.
Unfortunately, we are unable to ship to APO/FPO and PO Box addresses.
International Shipping
We're currently unable to accept orders to be shipped to destinations outside the U.S. However, our UK site does ship internationally. Please clickhereto access our UK site.
Follow the simple online process to initiate your return.
Our Customer Care Team will contact you to receive step-by-step instructions on how to return your items.
When and where it suits you. Too easy!
Free gifts, promotional items, significantly used products, incomplete sets, shipping charges, or items purchased from third-party retailers are not eligible for return.
CLICK HERE TO BOOK A RETURN
When you provide us with information through pixibeauty.com (the "Site"), we respect your privacy. It is important for you to understand what information we collect during your visit and what we do with that information. Your visit to the Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. Please note that this Privacy Policy governs only information provided to the Site and communications from the Site. It does not govern any other information or communications that may reference "pixibeauty" or any derivation thereof, e.g., communications from retailers or brick and mortar stores. This Privacy Policy was last updated 25 May 2018.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you provide it to us. For example, if you decide to complete a user registration form or online survey, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact information (name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number), age group, gender and product and/or cosmetic concerns, and the brands and products you use. If you decide to place an order, we will also need to know your delivery and billing address, credit card number and expiration date. To protect your personal information, users registering at the Site must also enter a user name/email address and password. If you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you, please do not provide us with any such information.
When you submit your personally identifiable information on the Site, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
The below excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
You opt-in during the Site registration process or at other times when you submit personally identifiable information, the information you provide may be used by Pixi and third parties to create and deliver to you our newsletters, surveys or other communications containing product information, cosmetics tips or promotions ("Opt-In Communications"). If you prefer not to receive such Opt-In Communications, please do not opt-in to receive these communications. If you do opt-in and later decide that you would no longer like to receive these communications, seeSection 13(Choice/Opt Out) below.
If you have elected to provide us with your contact information, e.g., by registering at the Site, emailing our Customer Service department or placing an order, we may provide you with service related announcements concerning the Site or contact you regarding your customer service requests or your order. For example, all registered users will receive a welcoming email to confirm their registration. These types of communications are necessary to serve you, respond to your concerns and to provide the high level of customer service that Pixi offers its customers.
Find more information regarding the SMS program terms of servicehere. You may opt-out of the SMS service at any time by texting the single word STOP to the number 29578.
The information that you give us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient.
We may disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. We may also exchange information, including personally identifiable information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions consistent with our Privacy Policy on our behalf. Examples include customer support specialists, webhosting companies, fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings), data analysis firms and email service providers. Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.
If you elect to participate in any promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, questionnaires or other events during your visit to our Site, the rules or terms and conditions for those events may indicate that your personally identifiable information will be shared with third parties. By choosing to participate and submitting your personally identifiable information with respect to such events, you consent to disclosure of your personally identifiable information to such third parties.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell certain of our assets. In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting your personal information on the Site you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
A cookie is a piece of data that enables us to track and target your preferences. We may place a "cookie" on your computer's hard drive so we can recognize you as a return user and personalize your experience and your use of our Site. The cookie will be stored on your computer's hard drive until you remove it. We may also use temporary or "session" cookies to help you shop. You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject, cookies. If you reject our cookies, you may be limited in the use of some of the features. We may also use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic information for aggregate use, as well as in combination with your personally identifiable information for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.
We are continuously working to make your experience on our Site better. To this end, we use a service called Google Analytics to assist us in better understanding your use of our Site.Google Analytics will place cookies on your computer to collect information on our behalf that will show us how you come to our site and how you use and navigate our Site. All information collected on our behalf through this service is kept in strict confidence. All data and information collected by Google Analytics from our Site is retained indefinitely.
We partner with Microsoft Clarity and Microsoft Advertising to capture how you use and interact with our website through behavioral metrics, heatmaps, and session replay to improve and market our products/services. Website usage data is captured using first and third-party cookies and other tracking technologies to determine the popularity of products/services and online activity. Additionally, we use this information for site optimization, fraud/security purposes, and advertising.
Our site uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS.
Some of our other business partners and service providers may also use cookies on the Site. However, we have no access to, or control over, these cookies and do not accept any responsibility for such use.
When you visit this Site or view one of our emails, we may use pixel tags (also called "clear" gifs), tracking links and/or similar technology to note some of the pages you visit on our Site and personalize your experience. We may also use pixel tags to determine what types of email your browser supports. We may use the information collected through pixel tags, tracking links and similar technology in combination with your personally identifiable information.
We may use the information you provide in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of the Site, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. We may share or transfer non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.
We take special steps to safeguard the privacy of children. If you are under 13 years of age, you may browse our Site. However, you may not provide personal information to us. For example, you cannot register or make a purchase. This Site is not designed for children and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any children under 13.
The Site may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on the Site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from this Site or otherwise visit.
Using third party applications such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Myspace and Pinterest may result in your information being collected and shared. Pixi does not have control on how your information is used by third party applications. Please visit the third party applications to view their privacy policies and if you wish to have your information kept private.
We implement various security measures in accordance with industry standards and best practices to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline. If you have any questions about security at the Site, pleasecontact us.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here, which policy will be effective immediately. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is used.
If you are a registered user, you can review, change or correct your personal information at any time bysigning inand clicking the "account dashboard" link in the upper left corner. You may request that we deactivate your account byemailing us.
You may opt-out of receiving future Opt-In Communications from the Site by doing the following:-edityour registered account- click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email you receive from us- or byemailing us.
We have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to the Site is an excellent one and that your privacy is constantly respected. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about the Site's privacy practices, pleasecontact us.
Welcome to the www.pixibeauty.com website (the "Website") Terms and Conditions.
Pixi Beauty Inc. provides the service set out in our website. Your use of this Website is governed by the Terms and Conditions set out below. By using the Website, completing the customer registration with us or placing an order on the Website you agree to be governed and bound by the Terms and Conditions.
1. Use of the Website
2. Privacy
3. Placing an Order and Order Acceptance
4. Description of Products
5. Payments
6. Passing of Property
7. Delivery and Acceptance
8. Acceptance
9. Returns Procedure
10. Cancellation
11. Customer Service
12. Intellectual Property and Trademark
13. Limited Licence Use
14. LimitedLiability
15. Conclusion
