Your Real Skin.
Our Serum Foundation.
Your Skin, Your Regimen:
Try Our Regimen Builder.
Give Body Its Face Time
Ingredient-first formulations. Now for your body’s skin.
New to The Ordinary?
Discover Easy Regimens for Your Skin.
BundleUV Filters SPF 45 Serumwith an eligible‘Prep’and‘Treat’formulation for20% savingson your SPF regimen. Now until August 31, 2025.T&Cs apply.
Not sure where to begin? Here are some common skin concerns.
Vegan, cruelty-free, not tested on animals, and recognized worldwide—our formulations reflect our ongoing commitment to high-quality skincare, rooted in integrity and accessibility.
Subscribe to receive science-backed tips, access to special offers, and new innovations.
Join our community, get a complimentary Squalane Cleanser.
Subscribe for science-first skincare tips, special offers, and the latest from our labs. You’ll also receive a code to try our 30ml Squalane Cleanser. T&Cs apply. Valid until October 31, 2025, while supplies last.
United States
Language
Previous Searches
Skincare Education
Cyclopentasiloxane, Aqua/Water/Eau, Caprylyl Methicone, Coconut Alkanes, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Coco Caprylate/Caprate, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Cetyl Diglyceryl Tris(Trimethylsiloxy)silylethyl Dimethicone, Dipropylene Glycol, Tocopherol, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Polyglyceryl-3 Polyricinoleate, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Hectorite, Sodium Chloride, Hexyl Laurate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Stearic Acid, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Alumina, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin. May Contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Tin Oxide, Aluminum Hydroxide, Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane.
Our formulations are updated from time to time as part of our commitment to innovation. As such, the ingredient list shown here may vary from the box of the product depending on time and region of purchase.
TargetsCoverage
Suited toAll Skin Types
FormatSuspension
OurSerum Foundationdelivers moderate coverage without a heavy-makeup look. Engineered to spread easily and blend seamlessly, the serum-like formulation has a real-skin finish and is compatible with most primers. The high-spreadability suspension system offers a natural look and resists collecting in fine lines. This formulation is designed to be suitable for all skin types and available in a range of 36 shades.
The shades are divided into four categories:1 for lighter tones2 for medium tones3 for dark/deep tones4 for deeper tones.
Each category is then classified further by a second digit from 0 to 4 to indicate depth within each category.Finally, a letter is added to the shade code to identify the undertone:P (Pink) and R (Red) indicate cool undertonesN indicates a Neutral toneY (Yellow) indicates a warm undertone
Three of the shades have an additional letter at the end which use natural-looking and exceptionally fine dispersions of metallic effect pigments for added highlight:S indicates Silver highlightsG indicates Gold highlights
Read fullUsage directions
How to use
For a hydrated and luminous skin finish, mix Serum Foundation with Natural Moisturizing Factors + PhytoCeramides on the back of your hand before applying to the face using your applicator of choice.
Read full product & safety Guidance
Apply a small amount of the product onto a clean area of skin on the upper forearm.
Keep the area dry.
If the product has a specified duration of use, rinse off after this time has elapsed. Otherwise rinse off after 24 hours.
If any redness, burning, itching, blistering or irritation is observed at any time throughout the test, do not use the product.
Read full recycling instructions
Empty the contents of the container. Remove cap, lid,
                                        dropper, pump, and other components and rinse the bottle/jar with water.
Contact your local recycling facility to ensure
                                        recyclability via curbside recycling program.Otherwise, dispose via our in-store recycling program.
#1 PETE & #2 HDPE and glass bottles are recyclable
                                        through the majority of local curbside recycling programs.# 5 PP bottles are usually recyclable through local
                                        curbside recycling programs. Please contact your local recycling facility to
                                        ensure recyclability.Otherwise, dispose via our in-store recycling program.
Dispose of via our in-store recycling program.
We work to provide our customers with accurate guidelines on packaging recyclability; however, please ensure your city or municipal program is consulted before recycling an item.Pleaseclick
                                                herefor a chart summarizing the Triman Logo & Sorting Labels.For the Italy sorting labelsclick
                                                    here.For the Spain sorting labelsclick
                                                    here.
Our 3 step regimen approach is designed to help you customize your skincare routine. Explore formulations that PREP skin, TREAT concerns or SEAL in benefits.
Beginner
Intermediate
Advanced
Skin science looks different for any age, as over time, our skin experiences hormonal fluctuations and decreased collagen that can change the look of skin.
We'll use this information to give you the best recommendations at any stage.
Even texture, minimal imperfections, not too oily or dry, smooth and healthy-looking appearance.
Flaky or rough texture, tight feeling, prone to irritation and fine lines, lacks moisture.
Shiny appearance, enlarged pores, prone to acne and blackheads, excess sebum production.
Dry or balanced areas primarily on the cheeks with an oily T-zone
Early Aging
Fine lines, crow’s feet, and dark spots.
Advanced Aging
Loss of firmness and elasticity
Congestion
Noticeable pores and breakouts.
Dark Circles & Puffiness
The eye area appears discoloured, tired, or swollen.
Dehydration
Fine lines and dullness caused by water loss.
Dryness
Tight skin and flakiness caused by a disrupted skin barrier.
Dullness
Skin lacks radiance and looks fatigued or flat.
Sensitivity & Barrier Support
Redness or dryness, often in response to external factors.
Uneven Tone
Discolouration, including dark spots and sun spots.
Texture Irregularities
Dry patches, bumps, or roughness.
Antioxidant Support
Dullness and fine lines caused by environmental stressors.
While each ingredient has been tested and is considered safe for topical application, The Ordinary products have not been tested on people who are pregnant or breastfeeding. When pregnant or breastfeeding, it is recommended to avoid any skincare products with certain ingredients, and we will exclude those from your regimen.
For extra care and support, if you're pregnant or breastfeeding, we recommend talking to your doctor or health care practitioner before starting any new skincare products and/or ingredients.
Retinoids are age-supporting ingredients derived from Vitamin A. These powerful actives are featured in a number of products, with a wide range of strengths to benefit newcomers and experienced retinoid users alike.
Discover our growing collection of ingredient-first formulations for hair and body. Created through science, while considering your everyday body and hair concerns.
At The Ordinary, science is at the heart of everything we do.Our approachis built on a commitment to transparency, effectiveness, and high-quality formulations. We believe that skincare excellence comes from a thoughtful understanding of scientific principles, and a careful approach to every decision—whether it's selecting ingredients, developing formulas, or designing packaging.
Our aim is to empower our community with clear, accessible information about the science behind our products, offering effective and accessible solutions that meet your skincare needs-without compromise on quality.
We embrace the complexity of simplistic design and celebrate the abnormal.
We place a strong emphasis on scientific research. Eachingredientis carefully studied to ensure optimal efficacy, while also being considerate in our formulation design. At The Ordinary, we focus on what truly works—active ingredients that are researched and selected to deliver targeted benefits.
We aim to make skincare more authentic, by putting ingredients at the forefront of our naming and product education. We aim to demystify skincare by being clear about what ingredients are in our products and what skincare concern(s) they address.
Our journey starts in the lab, where we explore new ideas, ingredients, and technologies that inspire our product formulations.
Each formula is uniquely curated by our in-house team, with clinical testing to prove the efficacy and safety of our formulations. We rely on a combination of peer-reviewed published literature and substantiated data from our suppliers, to ensure each product meets our rigorous standards. Our formulations go through multiple assessments—including quality, microbiology, and regulatory reviews—before reaching the manufacturing stage.
While sustainability is a key element in our development considerations, it is a journey of compromises. We continually look for opportunities to prioritize circularity and eco-friendly processes to be mindful of our product footprint.
We are proud of our in-house team of over 150 scientists, whose expertise spans a variety of disciplines, from cosmetic science to biochemistry, chemistry, microbiology and toxicology.
Together, they drive our efforts in Research & Development, Clinical Research, Scientific Communications, Sustainability, Regulatory Affairs, and Quality Assurance. This cross-disciplinary approach ensures that every product we create is grounded in science, safety, and integrity.
We’re committed to delivering products that reflect our values—thoughtful, effective, and innovative. As we continue to evolve, we remain focused on shaping the future of skincare, grounded in science and driven by purpose.
Welcome to The Ordinary—where science is in our DNA.
Regardless of your skin type, your concerns, and your level of expertise with skincare, you can easily build a regimen suited to your needs. We’re here to guide you on the three main stages of a regimen (Prep, Treat, and Seal), and provide insights into the correct order of application (a process known as “layering”) and types of products which work well together. In a short while, you’ll have an effective regimen tailored to you and your skin.
This may vary by skin type and/or skin concern. Someone with more sensitive skin or new to certain skincare ingredients may want to use a simpler routine. Whereas skin enthusiasts may be more comfortable with a comprehensive multi-layer skincare regimen.
Think of a regimen as having 3 steps:Prep, Treat, and Seal.
The Prep stage is where we want to prepare and prime the skin for treatmentsby cleansing and exfoliating. Whether you want to start the day strong or refresh your skin at night, it all starts with an effective cleanser.
Consider using ourSqualane Cleanserto effectively cleanse the skin while leaving it feeling clean and comfortable. If makeup is a concern or you need something a bit more gentle, ourGlycolipid Cream Cleanseris a great first cleanse.
Toners are also an important part of the Prep stage.Saccharomyces Ferment 30% Milky Tonergently exfoliates and smooths skin, boosting radiance. For a water-based toner, tryGlycolic Acid 7% Exfoliating Tonerto help even the look of skin and reduce the appearance of fine lines.
The Treat stage is where we address specific skin concerns using targeted formulas.This includes eye serums, toners, face serums, and oils which means someone may have multiple treat products in their regimen.When it comes to layering skincare, the general rule of thumb is to apply products from lightest to heaviest in texture to ensure optimal delivery of ingredients to the skin. The format is also a factor. You’ll want to applywater-based treatments first, followed by anhydrous(water-free)solutions or oil formulations, followed by creams or suspensions.This means that you would apply a water-based serum such asAmino Acids + B5beforean anhydrous serum or oil, such asRetinol 0.2% in Squalane.
Ultimately they can be layered in any order, but we recommend focusing on the primary concern first. For instance, if you’re looking to target signs of aging as your primary concern and have bothMulti-Peptide + HA SerumandHyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (with Ceramides), we’d recommend applying Multi-Peptide + HA Serum first because it targets signs of aging while Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (with Ceramides) targets dryness. You can learn more about how to layer multiple serums and other treatments inThe Ordinary's Guide to Layering Your Skincare.
We know conflicts can seem intimidating, but they aren’t! There aretwo types of conflicts: conflicts of ingredients and conflicts of tolerance,but for simplicity’s sake, we’re going to treat them the same.
We’re also going to make a distinction betweena regimenanda routine. When we sayregimen, we’re talking about the whole skincare process, including AM & PM and may span multiple days. Aroutine, on the other hand is just the products that are used in one application - so the AM routine or PM routine.
Let’s dive into conflicts. Take for example Vitamin C and Niacinamide - two active ingredients we don’t recommend using together in the same routine. The key word here isroutine. You can useNiacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%in theAM routineandAscorbyl Glucoside Solution 12%in thePM routine—just not together in the morning or evening.
If your current regimen is more complex and contains multiple conflicting ingredients, this is when you might start changing your routines by day. On the first day, you might be using Antioxidants and Direct Acids, on your second day you might be using Peptides, and on the third day, Vitamin C… and so on.  It’s perfectly okay to rotate products.
The Seal stage is where we lock in the benefits of our treatments and support the skin barrier. Skin-identical ingredients in our NMF family of moisturizers help to support our skin’s moisture barrier. OurNatural Moisturizing Factors + HAis the original surface hydrator, whileNatural Moisturizing Factors + PhytoCeramidesis our most nourishing moisturizer, with nearly 4x as highly concentrated emollients and 2x as highly concentrated humectants. For those who prefer a lightweight moisturizer to add hydration, considerNatural Moisturizing Factors + Beta Glucan.
After moisturizing, it’s important to apply sunscreen to help protect your skin from harmful, year-round UV radiation.UV Filters SPF 45 Serumis a lightweight, broad-spectrum sunscreen that offers daily SPF 45 protection against sun damage. It also contains ceramides to support the skin’s moisture barrier while providing a white cast-free, natural-looking glow.
Navigating the world of skincare can feel overwhelming, especially for beginners. With countless products and advice available, knowing where to start—and how to layer effectively—can be daunting. Many from our community have expressed that they are unsure of the right order or combinations for their specific skin concerns. They’ve asked for more education when it comes to layering The Ordinary products.
In this blog, we will share how to layer The Ordinary products and provide clear, step-by-step guidance to help you build an effective regimen tailored to your needs. We'll also answer some of the most commonly asked questions about layering to ensure you feel confident in your skincare journey.
For those new to skincare or The Ordinary, we’ve included beginner-friendly regimens that are easy to follow and designed to deliver noticeable results.
Before diving into the specifics of a skincare regimen, it’s crucial to understand your skin type. Each skin type requires different care to maintain a healthy-looking appearance. Here’s a breakdown of the most common skin types:
Dry Skin:A common sign of skin dehydration is a tight, uncomfortable feeling with dry, flaky skin. It can also show up as uneven texture or as skin having a dull appearance. Dry skin requires a regimen for either hydration or moisturization, depending on the needs of your skin.Oily Skin:Characterized by excess sebum production, oily skin often looks shiny and is prone to acne. It benefits from lightweight, non-comedogenic products that help control oil without stripping moisture.Combination Skin:This type has both oily and dry areas, typically an oily T-zone (forehead, nose, and chin) and dry cheeks. Combination skin requires a balanced approach, targeting different areas with specific support.Sensitive Skin:Commonly associated with signs of irritation, including redness and dry, flaky skin. It needs gentle, soothing products that minimize the potential of irritation.Balanced Skin (or “Normal Skin”):There is no such thing as “normal skin” as all skin is normal. What this typically means is that skin in this case is neither too oily nor too dry. Balanced skin maintains a stable state but still benefits from a regimen that supports its natural barrier.
When it comes to determining your skincare application approach, The Ordinary recommends a straightforward3-step regimen:Prep, Treat, Seal. However, your regimen may include more than just three products, as you might have multiple concerns to address. In such cases, layering multiple products within the same step (Treat) can help you achieve optimal support.
As a general rule of thumb, apply thinnest to thickest formulations, however a better way of applying products is by format. To help you a bit further, below is a breakdown of product formulation types. At The Ordinary, we classify our products based on their texture and format. This classification not only helps in determining the order of application but also in understanding how each product penetrates the skin. Think of it as the core part of our layering guide, and an essential part of understanding order of application.
Water-based:These lightweight formulations are usually applied first. They are quickly absorbed and serve as a base for subsequent layers.Anhydrous:These are water-free formulations that can have an oil-like texture and  are generally applied after water-based products but before oils and creams.Oils:Oils are usually thicker and should be applied after water-based and anhydrous products to lock in moisture and actives.Creams:Often include moisturizing ingredients thicker in feel, they are applied last to seal all the previous layers and ensure maximum hydration.Suspensions:Unlike solutions, where ingredients are fully dissolved, suspensions contain particles that are evenly distributed but not dissolved. This allows for a more uniform delivery of ingredients that may not dissolve well in water or oil.Emulsions:Typically containing two ingredients that don’t mix well together, like oil and water, emulsions are designed to combine the benefits of both water-based and oil-based ingredients. Emulsions can be tricky as we have both serum and cream-based products.Serum emulsionslikeRetinal 0.2% Emulsionwould be applied after water-based serums andcream emulsionslikeNatural Moisturizing Factors + HAwould be applied towards the end of your skincare regimen.We recommend using no more than three serum formulations in a single regimen for optimal layering and ingredient delivery. As a summary, we suggest applying water-based solutions first, followed by anhydrous or oil formulations, and finally cream or suspension formulations.If you’re using more than one water-based serum, you can apply them based on the priority of your skin concerns, that is the product that targets your most primary concern. the skin.To learn more about which ingredients to use, check out our customregimen builderwhich offers recommendations tailored to your skin’s unique needs.
We recommend using no more than three serum formulations in a single regimen for optimal layering and ingredient delivery. As a summary, we suggest applying water-based solutions first, followed by anhydrous or oil formulations, and finally cream or suspension formulations.
If you’re using more than one water-based serum, you can apply them based on the priority of your skin concerns, that is the product that targets your most primary concern. the skin.
To learn more about which ingredients to use, check out our customregimen builderwhich offers recommendations tailored to your skin’s unique needs.
Below are answers to some of the most common questions about layering The Ordinary products, linked to primary skin concerns and types.
Can I use Hyaluronic Acid and Niacinamide together?Yes, you can. OurHyaluronic Acid 2% + B5hydrates the skin, whileNiacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%can help with pore appearance and uneven tone. Since both serums are water-based, they can be applied in either order, however, we recommend addressing your primary concern first and then apply the other.
Can I use Hyaluronic Acid with Retinoids?Yes. HA provides hydration, which can counteract the potential drying effects of retinoids. SinceHyaluronic Acid 2% + B5is a water-based serum, it would be applied first and then after, you would apply retinoids, such asRetinol 1% in Squalane, as it’s an anhydrous formulation.
Can I use Retinoids and Vitamin C together?We generally recommend using retinoids and Vitamin C at different times to optimise your regimen. As an example, useAscorbyl Glucoside Solution 12%(Vitamin C serum) in the morning and a retoind such asRetinal 0.2% Emulsionin the evening. For more on retinoid use, visit ourComprehensive Guide to Using Retinoids.
How much product should I use for each application?This is really dependent on the product itself. We always recommend following product directions. However, for strong actives like retinoids or direct acids, you may wish to start with 2-3x week application and gradually increase frequency as tolerated. Please note for Retinal 0.2% Emulsion, we recommend using a maximum of 2-3 times a week.
What time of day should I use The Ordinary products?Again, this depends on the product. As an example, apply products containing Vitamin C in the morning and retinoid-based products at night. Hydrators like hyaluronic acid can be used in both AM and PM. We recommend using each product’s usage details for more information.
How long should I wait between applying products?There is no specific wait time between products, however we recommend allowing each product to fully absorb before applying the next.
Here are some ingredient pairings we recommend using together for your regimen, during your Treat step:
For brighter-looking skin, pair Retinoids and Niacinamide.We recommend:Retinal 0.2% Emulsion+Niacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%
For even-looking skin, pair Vitamin C derivatives with Glycolic Acid.We recommend:Glycolic Acid 7% Exfoliating Toner+Ascorbyl Glucoside Solution 12%
For smoother-looking skin, pair Retinaldehyde and Hyaluronic Acid.We recommend:Retinal 0.2% Emulsion+Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5
For clearer-looking skin, pair Salicylic Acid and Niacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%.We recommend:Salicylic Acid 2% Solution+Niacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%For hydrated skin, pair Hyaluronic Acid and Niacinamide.We recommend:Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5+Niacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%
For hydrated skin, pair Hyaluronic Acid and Niacinamide.We recommend:Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5+Niacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%
At The Ordinary, our approach to layering is designed to maximize the efficacy of each product while ensuring your skin remains balanced and healthy. For more detailed guidance, explore ourHow to Build a Regimenblog and try ourRegimen Builderto create a regimen tailored to your skin’s unique needs.
Choosing the right skincare is a science. Luckily, our skin scientists developed these easy regimens, centered around your unique skin concerns. Explore more below, or get started with our Regimen Builder.
Effective Date: May 31, 2022
DECIEM Beauty Group Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "DECIEM," “we,” “us,” “our”) provides the content and services available on deciem.com and any other websites we operate, including theordinary.com and niod.com (collectively, the “Site”) to you subject to the following terms and conditions, ourPrivacy Policyand other terms and conditions and policies which you may find throughout our Site in connection with certain functionality, features or promotions as well as customer service, all of which are deemed a part of and included within these terms and conditions (collectively, "Terms and Conditions"). By accessing or using the Site, you are acknowledging that you have read, understand and agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW CLAIMS YOU AND DECIEM MAY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER CAN BE BROUGHT. THESE PROVISIONS WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION, REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST DECIEM TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS, GROUP OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. Please review the section entitled “Disputes” for the details regarding your agreement to arbitrate any disputes with DECIEM
Please review our Privacy Policy so that you may understand our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy can be found here:https://deciem.com/document/privacy-policy-global.
The products and services available on the Site, and any samples thereof we may provide to you, are for personal use only. You may not sell or resell any of the products or services, or samples thereof, you purchase or otherwise receive from us. We reserve the right, with or without notice, to cancel or reduce the quantity of any order to be filled or products or services to be provided to you that we believe, in our sole discretion, may result in the violation of these Terms and Conditions.
The following terms of sale apply to orders placed through this Site:
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the specific DECIEM entity described below shall be the entity processing orders placed through the Site in the corresponding country:
We attempt to be as accurate as possible when describing our products on the Site; however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we do not warrant that the product descriptions, colors, information or other content available on the Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free.
All information and content available on the Site and its "look and feel", including but not limited to trademarks, logos, service marks, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, photos, videos, audio clips, data compilations and software, and the compilation and organization thereof (collectively, the "Content") are the property of DECIEM, our affiliates, partners or licensors, and is protected by Canadian and international laws, including laws governing copyrights and trademarks.
Except as set forth in the limited licenses in Section 8 below, or as required under applicable law, neither the Content nor any portion of the Site may be used, reproduced, distributed, published, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, accessed, modified or otherwise exploited, in whole or in part, for any purpose without our express, prior written consent. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to us and our licensors.
We grant you a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive license to access and make personal use of the Site subject to these Terms and Conditions. This limited license does not include the right to: (a) frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose the Site or any portion thereof; (b) republish, redistribute, transmit, sell, license or download the Site or any and/or all Content (except caching or as necessary to view the Site); (c) make any use of the Site or any and/or all Content other than personal use; (d) modify, reverse engineer or create any derivative works based upon either the Site or any and/or all Content; (e) collect account information for the benefit of yourself or another party; (f) use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing any and/or all Content; or (g) use software robots, spiders, crawlers, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, or take any other action that may impose an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure. You must retain, without modification, all proprietary notices on the Site or affixed to or contained in the Site.Any unauthorized use by you of the Site or any and/or all of our Content automatically terminates the limited licenses set forth in this Section 8 without prejudice to any other remedy provided by applicable law or these Terms and Conditions.
In the access or use of the Site, you shall comply with these Terms and Conditions and any special warnings or instructions for access or use posted on the Site. You shall act always in accordance with the law, custom and in good faith.You may not make any change or alteration to the Site or any Content or services that may appear on this Site and may not impair in any way the integrity or operation of the Site. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, by (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) accessing or using the Site or any portion thereof without authorization; or (d) introducing any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You agree not to use the Site: (a) in any way that violates any applicable law or regulation; (b) to engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Site, or which, as determined by us, may harm us or users of the Site or expose them to liability; (c) use the Site in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Site; (d) use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site; or (e) otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site.Without limiting the generality of any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, if you negligently or willfully breach any of the obligations set forth in these Terms and Conditions, you shall be liable for all the losses and damages that this may cause to DECIEM or our partners or licensors.
If you choose to create an account at our Site, you will have an email address/username and password for your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, username and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree that the information you provide to us during the registration process for creating your account and at all other times when you use the Site is current, complete, accurate and truthful. 
				You are the sole authorized user of any account you create through the Site and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account, username and/or password. If you are accessing and using the Site on someone else's behalf, you represent that you have the authority to bind that person as the principal to all Terms and Conditions provided herein, and to the extent you do not have such authority you agree to be bound to these Terms and Conditions and to accept liability for harm caused by any wrongful use of the Site or Content resulting from such access or use.We reserve the right to refuse service and/or terminate accounts without prior notice if these Terms and Conditions are violated or if we decide, in our sole discretion, that it would be in DECIEM’s best interests to do so.If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure, you must immediately notify us by contacting us as set forth in Section 21. DECIEM will not be liable for losses, damages, liabilities, expenses, and fees incurred by DECIEM or a third party arising from someone else using your account regardless of whether you have notified us of such unauthorized use. You understand and agree that we may require you to provide information that may be used to confirm your identity and help ensure the security of your account.
We are not responsible for the content of any off-website pages or any other websites linked to or from the Site. Links appearing on the Site are for convenience only and are not an endorsement by us, our affiliates or our partners of the referenced content, product, service or supplier. Your linking to or from any off-website pages or other websites is at your own risk. We are in no way responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, off-website pages or any other websites linked to or from the Site, nor do we assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, content, products or services of such pages and websites, including, without limitation, their privacy policies and terms and conditions. You should carefully review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of all off-website pages and other websites that you visit.
The Site may offer certain special features and functionality or events (such as contests, sweepstakes or other offerings) which may (a) be subject to terms of use, rules and/or policies in addition to or in lieu of these Terms and Conditions; and (b) be offered by us or by third parties. If so, we will notify you of this and if you choose to take advantage of these offerings, you agree that your use of those offerings will be subject to such additional or separate terms of use, rules and/or policies.
When you transmit, upload, post, e-mail or otherwise make available data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, images, videos, messages or other materials ("User Content") on the Site, you are entirely responsible for such User Content. All third parties, and not we, are entirely responsible for all User Content that they post to the Site. You agree not to engage in or assist or encourage others to engage in transmitting, uploading, posting, e-mailing or otherwise making available on the Site User Content that (a) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful or racially or, ethnically offensive, encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise objectionable; (b) you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (c) is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading; (d) you were compensated for or granted any consideration by any third party; (e) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; or (f) is malicious or destructive in nature, or contain a virus, malware or other computer programming routine or engine that is intended to damage or otherwise interfere with any system, data, or information. In addition, you agree not to transmit, upload, post, e-mail or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitation or promotional material, including chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You further agree not to (a) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; (b) "stalk" or otherwise harass including advocating harassment of another, entrap or harm any third party including harming minors in any way; (c) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any User Content; (d) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law; or (e) collect or store personally identifiable data about other users.We do not endorse or control the User Content transmitted or posted on the Site and therefore, we do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of User Content. You understand that by using the Site, you may be exposed to User Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable to you. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content, including, without limitation, for any errors or omissions in any User Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred by you as a result of the use of any User Content transmitted, uploaded, posted, e-mailed or otherwise made available via the Site.You acknowledge that we have the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse to post or remove any User Content and we reserve the right to change, condense or delete any User Content. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, we have the right to remove any User Content that violates these Terms and Conditions or is otherwise objectionable and we reserve the right to refuse service and/or terminate accounts without prior notice for any users who violate these Terms and Conditions or infringe the rights of others.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials posted on the Site infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send DECIEM a “Notification of Claimed Infringement” requesting that the material be removed, or access to it be blocked. The notice must include the following information:
If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send DECIEM a counter-notice.
				Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see https://www.copyright.gov/ for details. Notices and counter-notices with respect to the Site should be sent using the contact form described in Section 21.
Under Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, California residents may report complaints about our Site to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. DECIEM does not impose any charges for use of the Site.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED. THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS INCLUDED ON THE SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE NOT LEGALLY EXCLUDABLE.YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE), UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, FOR ANY (a) INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS; (b) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO THE SITE; (c) DATA NON-DELIVERY, MISDELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION; (d) LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY SORT INCURRED AS A RESULT OF DEALINGS WITH OR THE PRESENCE OF OFF-WEBSITE LINKS ON THE SITE; (e) COMPUTER VIRUSES, SYSTEM FAILURES OR MALFUNCTIONS WHICH MAY OCCUR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING DURING HYPERLINK TO OR FROM THIRD PARTY WEBSITES; (f) ANY INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN CONTENT; OR (g) EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.FURTHER, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) RELATED TO THE SITE OR YOUR USE THEREOF REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00).
				YOU AGREE THAT NO CLAIMS OR ACTION ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO, THE USE OF THE SITE OR THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY BE BROUGHT BY YOU MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION RELATING TO SUCH CLAIM OR ACTION AROSE.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us and our affiliates, and our respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives harmless for any loss, damages, expenses or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any third party claim, action, or demand resulting from your use of the Site, breach of these Terms and Conditions or from our termination of your access to or use of the Site. Such termination will not affect either party’s rights or obligations, which accrued before the termination.
In consideration of and as a condition of your use of the Site you and DECIEM (collectively, “the parties”) agree as follows (the “Arbitration Agreement”):
Applicability; Exclusions; Court and Jury Trial Waiver
The parties agree that any and all covered disputes (as defined below) that either party has the legal right to sue for in court, whether now or in the future, shall be subject to final and binding arbitration under the arbitration provisions set forth below. This means that the parties have selected arbitration as the sole and exclusive forum for the parties to sue or be sued in for all covered disputes, regardless of when the dispute first arose or arises and irrespective of the time period(s) involved in the dispute. The term “covered disputes” means all disputes and claims between the parties, including any disputes or claims: arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions; relating to the relationship between the parties; arising under any international laws, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and California Consumer Privacy Act, and all other claims or disputes under municipal ordinances, executive orders, contract, tort, public policy, or common law (judge-made law). However, “covered disputes” shall exclude any disputes or claims relating to your violation or threatened violation of our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of our affiliates, partners or licensors or otherwise, in which we have a cause of action in equity. For such disputes and claims, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any court of competent jurisdiction, and you consent to jurisdiction and venue in any such court for such purposes.
The parties intend to require arbitration of all covered disputes that can lawfully be arbitrated. It is understood by the parties that the term “covered disputes” shall cover and include all such disputes not only between the parties to these Terms and Conditions but also all disputes or claims against any of your heirs, executors, personal representatives, and assigns, and all such disputes or claims not only against DECIEM but also against any and all of its predecessors and successors and any of its collective officers, agents, employees, members, shareholders, directors, managers, and attorneys.
Usage of JAMS Streamlined or Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures; Arbitrator to Decide All Issues; Arbitrator’s Decisions Are Final and Binding
Either party shall initiate arbitration under the National Arbitration Rules of the ADR Institute of Canada, Inc. The arbitrator (and not a court) shall decide all issues in any covered dispute including, but not limited to, issues regarding the non-availability of class arbitration, timeliness, scope of arbitrator’s authority, arbitration procedures, any issues regarding arbitrability of the parties’ dispute, statute of limitations, and all other issues regarding the application, interpretation, and implementation of these Terms and Conditions. The arbitrator’s decisions shall be final and binding. The parties agree that a court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enter a judgment upon the award made by the arbitrator or to confirm an arbitration award, and any such proceeding shall not itself be deemed a covered dispute.
Selection and Authority of Arbitrator; Full Remedies Available; Enforceability
The parties agree that an arbitrator shall be selected by the parties consistent with the applicable National Arbitration Rules of the ADR Institute of Canada, Inc. as they exist at the time of the Terms and Conditions’ execution. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the arbitrator shall have the power and authority to award any remedy or relief available under applicable law and shall be the sole authority to interpret and apply the provisions of these Terms and Conditions. The arbitrator shall have the authority to apply any law, or executive order, or any common law that the arbitrator deems applicable to the covered dispute. If there are any ambiguities in these Terms and Conditions, it is the parties’ intent that all ambiguities be resolved in favor of arbitration. If any provision of this Arbitration Agreement is unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
Class and Collective Action Waiver; No Consolidated or Joint Actions
The parties agree that all covered disputes brought against each other will be arbitrated on an individual basis only and not in a class action arbitration, a collective action arbitration, or on any other group, representative, consolidated, or joint basis. The arbitrator shall have no authority to consider or resolve any covered dispute or any claim or issue in a covered dispute on any basis other than on an individual basis and may not proceed or direct the parties to proceed on a class or collective action basis or consolidate or join one or more covered disputes pertaining to you with any other individual’s or entity’s covered dispute(s). The provisions in this Arbitration Agreement mean that both parties waive their right to commence, become a party to, or in any way participate in any class action, collective action, or group or representative action or claim against the other party or in any such action or claim consolidated or joined with another party, with respect to any covered dispute, and each party agrees to opt-out of or be severed from any such action or proceeding.
Fees, Award
Each party shall bear the cost of his/her/its own legal fees and costs, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees and expert witness fees, subject to any right to recover such fees and costs under applicable law, which the arbitrator shall apply where applicable. In rendering an arbitration award, the arbitrator shall apply applicable and appropriate law and shall award all statutory remedies and penalties, including attorneys’ fees and costs to the extent authorized by and consistent with law. The award shall be in writing and the arbitrator shall set forth the essential findings of fact and law. Either party may request that a transcript and/or recording of the hearing be made.
You consent to receive any agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications (collectively, "Notices") to which these Terms and Conditions refer from us electronically including without limitation by e-mail or by posting notices on this Site. You agree that all Notices that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. To withdraw your consent to receive Notices electronically, you must notify us of your withdrawal of such consent by notifying us using the contact form described in Section 21 and discontinue your use of this Site. In such event, all rights granted to you pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, including but not limited to the limited licenses set forth in Section 8 hereof, shall automatically terminate. Unfortunately, we cannot provide the benefits of this Site to any user that cannot consent to receipt of Notices electronically.Please note that this consent to receive Notices is entirely separate from any election you may make with respect to receipt of marketing communications. Your options with respect to receipt of marketing communications are set forth in ourPrivacy Policy.
You acknowledge and agree that these Terms and Conditions constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between us concerning your use of the Site, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications.With respect to any dispute regarding the Site, all rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Toronto, Canada, as if the Terms and Conditions were a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within Toronto.
				The Effective Date of these Terms and Conditions is set forth at the top of this webpage. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting the changes on the Site. We encourage you to return to this webpage frequently so that you are aware of our current Terms and Conditions. Any changes are effective immediately upon posting to the Site. Your continued use of the Site thereafter constitutes your agreement to all such changed Terms and Conditions.Nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between us. Our failure to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect our full right to require such performance at any time thereafter, nor shall our waiver of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by any applicable arbitral award, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms and Conditions unenforceable or invalid as a whole but these Terms and Conditions shall be modified, to the extent possible, by the adjudicating entity to most fully reflect the original intent of the parties as reflected in the original provision.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions or would
				like to contact us, please use the website online form located at:https://deciem.com/contact.
The content on this website, including informational content and the design of the site, are copyright © DECIEM Inc. No part of this website, or its look and feel, may be reproduced in any form by any means for any purpose without the explicit and prior written permission of DECIEM Inc. Unauthorized reproduction, in whole or in part, will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under law.
DECIEM Inc., the DECIEM Inc. logo and all product names and designations are trademarks of DECIEM Inc. and may be registered in certain regions. The use of these trademarks without the written permission of DECIEM Inc. may result in damages that cannot be relieved monetarily. All other trademarks and registered trademarks used on this website belong to their respective owners.
By visiting and browsing the contents of this site, you agree to the Terms of Use provided by DECIEM Inc. on this website. All offers provided on this website and all informational content provided are subject to change without notice.
The Information on this website is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws and any unauthorized use of the Information on this website may violate such laws. Except as expressly provided herein, DECIEM Inc. does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret rights with respect to this Information.
Except as otherwise indicated elsewhere on this website, you may view, download, use or print the Information available on this website subject to the following conditions: The Information may be used solely for personal, informational, internal, non-commercial purposes; The Information may not be modified or altered in any way; The Information may not be distributed by you to others; You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Information.
DECIEM Inc. reserves the right to revoke your authorization to view, download, use or print the Information available on this website at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon written notice from DECIEM Inc.. You may not view, download, use or print the Information except as expressly authorized by the Terms of Use and, in any event, you may not distribute, modify, transmit, copy or publicly display the Information without the written permission of DECIEM Inc.. The rights specified above to view, download, use or print the Information available on this website are not applicable to the design or layout of this website. Elements of this website are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
Copyright © DECIEM Beauty Group Inc. All worldwide rights reserved.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. DECIEM does not sell personal information for monetary consideration, however, as described in Section 5.3 (“Targeted Advertising”) of ourPrivacy Policy, we do use third party cookies for targeted advertising purposes, which technically may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. To request that your information not be shared with such parties, you may manage your cookie preferences by clickinghere. If you opt out, we will not be able to offer you personalized advertisements and will not provide your personal information to our third-party analytics or digital advertising service providers. If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we will take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore, we will not be able to track your activity through the internet. This may affect our ability to personalize advertisements according to your preferences.
Notice of Financial Incentive
We may offer you various financial incentives such as discounts and special offers when you provide us with personal information including contact information and identifiers such as your name, email address and/or mobile phone number. When you sign-up for one of our Brand email lists or other discounts and special offers, you opt-in to a financial incentive. You may withdraw from a financial incentive at any time by opting-out from the Brand emails you initially signed-up for or closing your Brand account. Generally, we do not assign monetary or other value to personal information, however, California law requires that we assign such value in the context of financial incentives. In such context, the value of the personal information is related to the estimated cost of providing the relevant financial incentive(s) for which the personal information was collected.
DECIEM is a humble and happy umbrella of good beauty brands like NIOD, Hylamide, and The Ordinary. We’ve been called every good and bad thing you can think of like “The most thrilling thing to happen to skincare” and “The hottest beauty company right now”.
We’ve sold more than one product every second, opened new doors around the world to make our products more accessible to our community, and welcomed our 1000th employee. Our lab is hard at work with many new products in development, and with plans for even further expansion, we’re excited to continue to do big, good things.
DECIEM was founded in 2013 by “the beauty world’s most exciting disrupter”, Brandon Truaxe. During a four-month co-op at a skincare lab, he became angry at the lack of passion, transparency, or insight when beauty products were being developed. After selling his first software company, many years later, Brandon’s frustration at the beauty industry remained and he set off to make a change in the beauty business. That change is DECIEM and we’re working really hard to continue Brandon’s vision for a better world of beauty.
Everything we do is of exceptional quality. Today, quality is no longer defined by merely price points or distribution channels. Quality today means being authentic, being different, being functional, being beautiful and being sensibly priced, even to the wealthy. And we respect these principles. We choose to serve the educated, the curious and the intelligent who appreciate our dedication to this very genuine definition of quality.
Follow us onInstagram,LinkedIn,Tik Tok,YouTubeandFacebook. We'll share good things.
The Ordinary UV Filters SPF 45 Serum 20% off Bundle Promotion (the
                “Promotion”) is only available to Eligible Customers on TheOrdinary.com
                from July 8th, 2025 at 12:00AM EST to August 31st 11:59PM EST and/or at standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary
                stores during store hours (the “Promotion Period”), while supplies last.
                Promotion is only available to Eligible Customers who reside in countries that DECEIM is currently
                shipping to and where The Ordinary UV Filters SPF 45 Serum is sold (“Eligible
                    Customers”). For greater certainty, the Promotion isnotavailable
                to residents of Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Brazil, Thailand, and
                Mexico. In order to qualify for the Promotion, Eligible Customers must purchase one (1) eligible The
                Ordinary “Prep” product, one (1) eligible The Ordinary
                “Treat” product and one (1) The Ordinary UV FiltersSPF45
                Serum (a total of three (3) products) (each a “Participating Product” and
                collectively, a “Qualifying Purchase”). Eligible Customers who purchase
                three (3) eligible Participating Products in a single transaction will receive 20% off their Qualifying
                Purchase (see below for eligible products). Promotion will be applied automatically at
                checkout. Limit is one (1) Qualifying Purchase per order.Exclusions: Products excluded
                from a Qualifying Purchase: The Ordinary sets/bundles, tools and makeup, applicable taxes, shipping
                & delivery charges, gift cards and other items not discountable or excluded by law. Products not
                available for purchase in your local region. The Promotion applies to available products and stock at
                the time of purchase, no rainchecks. Promotion is not valid on purchases outside of the Promotion
                Period, cannot be combined with other shipping offers (unless otherwise stated), is non-transferable and
                there is no cash value or alternatives.
DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this
                offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without
                limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and
                (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions.Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are
                subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found athttps://deciem.com/terms.html) and Shipping + Delivery
                Terms (which can be found athttps://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery)
                which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the
                original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found athttps://deciem.com/returns.html.
Qualifying Purchase (1x Prep, 1x Treat & 1x SPF)
Participating Products:
“Prep” Products
“Treat” Products
“SPF” Product
NIOD Fractionated Eye-Contour Concentrate (3ml) gift with purchase (the “FECC Promotion”) is
                available on niod.com from 12:00am EST July 8, 2025 to 11:59pm EST July 21, 2025 and at select
                standalone DECIEM/The Ordinary stores (“select stores” – see list below) during store
                hours, while supplies last (the “FECC Promotion Period”). For online purchases, code
                JULYFECC must be entered during checkout. For in-store purchases, Promotion will be applied
                automatically at checkout.
Customers who purchase at least one NIOD productandspend the minimum qualifying amount
                (before taxes and other charges) in their local currency in a single transaction, according to the table
                below (“Qualifying Purchase”), will qualify to receive one (1) free mini NIOD Fractionated
                Eye-Contour Concentrate (3ml) (the “Gift”). The Ordinary and LOoPHA products are excluded
                from this Promotion. Limit of one (1) Gift per customer/transaction. The Gift is subject to stock
                availability. If Gift stock runs out prior to the end of the Promotion Period, then this Promotion ends.
Offer excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift
                cards, and other other items not discountable or excluded by law. Offer applies to available products
                and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks or price adjustments. Offer is not valid on purchases
                outside of the stated promotion period, is non-transferable and there is no cash value or
                alternatives. DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this
                offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without
                limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and
                (iv) limit the number of promotional redemptions.Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are
                subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found athttps://deciem.com/terms.html) and Shipping + Delivery
                Terms (which can be found athttps://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery)
                which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the
                original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy found athttps://deciem.com/returns.html.Select
                    Stores
The Free Standard Shipping – No Minimum (the “Promotion”) is
                available
                only on theordinary.com, niod.com and loopha.com from 12:00am EST June 5, 2025 to 11:59pm EST June
                27,
                2025 (the “Promotion Period”). Promotion will be applied automatically
                at
                checkout on all qualifying purchases during the Promotion Period.
Promotion is only available to customers who (i) reside in countries that DECIEM is currently
                shipping to
                and (ii) purchase any The Ordinary, NIOD, or LOoPHA product online (“Eligible
                    Customers”). Eligible Customers will receive free standard shipping on all
                qualifying
                purchases.
Qualifying purchase excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, gift cards and
                other
                items not discountable or excluded by law. The Promotion applies to available products and stock at
                the
                time of purchase, no rainchecks. Promotion is not valid on purchases outside of the Promotion
                Period, is
                non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives.
DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this offer/promotion at any
                time;
                (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it, including, without limitation, individuals
                creating multiple user accounts; (iii) amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number
                of
                promotional redemptions.
Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to DECIEM’s standard Terms
                and
                Conditions (which can be found at https://deciem.com/terms.html) and Shipping + Delivery Terms
                (which
                can be found athttps://theordinary.com/faq.html#shipping_delivery),
                which are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded to the
                original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to our Return Policy
                found athttps://deciem.com/returns.html.
The 30% off LOoPHA Instagram discount code offer (the “Offer”)
                is available to  eligible customers who are followers of “LOoPHA”
                on Instagram, from May 27th, 2025 12:00 AM EST to June 8th, 2025 11:59 PM EST (the
                “Offer Period”). Discount code
                “EARLYADOPTER” must be entered during checkout to receive 30% off your
                LOoPHA purchase. Limit of one Offer Code redemption per eligible customer. Offer
                cannot be combined with other offers/promotions. Offer does not apply to The
                Ordinary or NIOD products.
Other important T&Cs
Offer (i) excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, shipping and
                delivery charges, gift cards, other discounts and promotions (unless otherwise
                stated) and other items not discountable or excluded by law; (ii) applies to
                available products and stock at the time of purchase, no rainchecks; (iii) is not
                valid on purchases outside of the Offer Period; (iv) is non-transferable and there
                is no cash value or alternatives; and (v) is not for commercial or resale purposes.
DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this
                offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it,
                including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii)
                amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional
                redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to
                DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found athttps://deciem.com/terms.html) which
                are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded
                to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to
                our Return Policy found athttps://loopha.com/returns.html
Eligibility for Receiving Discount Code
The NIOD Welcome Discount Code Promotion (the “Promotion”)
                is available to Eligible Customers from 12:00AM EST December 11, 2024 to 11:59PM EST
                October 31, 2025 (the “Promotion Period”). The
                Promotion is only available to individuals who (i) subscribe to NIOD marketing
                emails for the first time via the pop-up athttps://niod.com; and (ii) reside in countries that DECIEM is currently shipping
                to (“Eligible Customers''). Eligible Customers will receive a
                unique, single use 15% off unique promotion code (the “Discount Code”)
                to be used toward their next eligible online NIOD purchase (see belowRedemption
                    of Discount Code). Limit is one (1) Discount Code per Eligible Customer.
                The Discount Code will be sent to Eligible Customers approximately three (3)
                business days after the date they subscribe to NIOD marketing emails.
Redemption of Discount Code
The Discount Code is valid for use for online purchases only from the date Eligible
                Customers receive their Discount Code until 11:59PM EST October 31, 2025 (the
                “Discount Redemption Period”). The Discount Code can
                only be redeemed on NIOD products. Limit is one (1) Discount Code redemption per
                Eligible Customer. Eligible Customers must provide the Discount Code at checkout in
                order to receive the discount.
Redemption of Discount Code: (i) excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and
                custom fees, shipping and delivery charges, gift cards, other discounts and
                promotions (unless otherwise stated) and other items not discountable or excluded by
                law; (ii) applies to available products and stock at the time of purchase, no
                rainchecks; (iii) is not valid on purchases outside of the Discount Redemption
                Period; (iv) is non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives; and (v)
                is not for commercial or resale purposes.
DECIEM reserves the right, without prior notice, to (i) discontinue this
                offer/promotion at any time; (ii) cancel or refuse any individual's benefit from it,
                including, without limitation, individuals creating multiple user accounts; (iii)
                amend these terms and conditions; and (iv) limit the number of promotional
                redemptions. Except as otherwise set out herein, all purchases are subject to
                DECIEM’s standard Terms and Conditions (which can be found athttps://deciem.com/terms.html) which
                are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Any returned items will be refunded
                to the original method of payment used at checkout, at the price paid and subject to
                our Return Policy found athttps://deciem.com/returns.html.
Eligible customers will receive a unique, single use promotion code via email (the
                “Discount Code”) after subscribing to The Ordinary
                marketing emails. Eligible customers must be subscribing to The Ordinary marketing
                emails via the pop-up for the first time. Discount Code may be redeemed in-store or
                online. For online purchases, Discount Code can only be redeemed by customers who
                reside in countries that DECIEM is currently shipping to. Eligible customers must
                purchase a minimum of one (1) The Ordinary product and provide the Discount Code at
                checkout in order to receive one (1) free Squalane Cleanser - 30ml (the “Free
                    Product”).
For online purchases, the Free Product will be added to cart after the Discount Code
                is provided. For in-store purchases, the Welcome Email together with the Discount
                Code must be provided to The Ordinary staff during checkout. Customers who sign up
                in-store will be able to redeem the Free Product immediately at checkout and will
                receive a Welcome Email without a Discount Code.The Discount Code can only be
                redeemed from the date eligible customers receive their Discount Code until 11:59PM
                EST October 31, 2025 (the “Discount Redemption Period”).
                The Discount Code can only be redeemed on The Ordinary products. Limit is one (1)
                Discount Code redemption per eligible customer.
Choose Your Prep:Select one qualifying product to cleanse and prime your skin.
Pick Your Treat:Add one qualifying product to address your skin's needs.
Don't Forget Your SPF:Complete your regimen with UV Filters SPF 45 Serum for broad-spectrum protection.
Your20% offwill be automatically applied at checkout. Only untilAugust 31, 2025.For a full list of eligible products and conditions, see ourTerms & Conditions.
Exposure to UV radiation can lead tosun damage, premature aging, and an increased risk of developing skin cancer.
UV Filters SPF 45 Serumacts like a protective layer, shielding your skin from harmful UVA and UVB rays. When used as directed, with other sun protection measures, it decreases the risk of skin cancer and early skin aging caused by the sun. Here are 4 more reasons to make it part of your regimen:
Feels Like a Serum. Performs Like a Sunscreen.Formulated to feel comfortable on your skin, just like a serum. Broad-spectrum. SPF 45. PA++++.
Layers Seamlessly.Layers easily with skincare and makeup.
SPF for All Skin Tones.Scientifically formulated without a white cast.
Protect. Hydrate. Repeat.Includes ceramides to strengthen the skin’s barrier and keep hydration  locked in.
Step 2: Treat
Aqua/Water/Eau, Propanediol, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Ergothioneine, Epigallocatechin Gallatyl Glucoside, Acetyl Tetrapeptide-2, Heptapeptide-6, Tocotrienols, Tremella Fuciformis Sporocarp Extract, Sphingomonas Ferment Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Bixa Orellana Seed Extract, Glycerin, Isoceteth-20, Citric Acid, Sodium Citrate, Sodium Hydroxide, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsDullness,
                                            
                                                Antioxidant Support
FormatSerum: Water-Based
Multi-Antioxidant Radiance Serumis a daily serum combining a wide range of antioxidant and protective technologies tocombat multiple concerns associated with environmental damageandvisibly brighten dull skin.
Multi-Active Radiance Serum works to combat environmental stressors, like pollution and smog, which can make skin look dull and prematurely aged. The formulationboosts radiance, while helping tofade visible dark spotsand smooth the look of skin texture, all of which help to reduce the appearance of atmospheric skin aging.
Multi-Antioxidant Radiance Serum combines a total of 8 technologies, including vitamin C and ginseng, and achieves a multi-faceted approach to antioxidant protection suited to use both in the day and at night. When used in the day, the serum-textured formulation helps shield against the damaging effects of pollution, while providing barrier strengthening and lasting hydration for enhanced skin resilience.
When used at night, it continues to offer antioxidant protection while skin is in its resting and repair stages, working to boost radiance for skin that is visibly more radiant during the day.
Part of our range ofMulti-Active Solutions, the 8 key technologies found in Multi-Antioxidant Radiance Serum are:
Step 1: Prep
Aqua (Water), Glycolic Acid, Rosa Damascena Flower Water, Centaurea Cyanus Flower Water, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Water, Propanediol, Glycerin, Triethanolamine, Aminomethyl Propanol, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Tasmannia Lanceolata Fruit/Leaf Extract, Aspartic Acid, Alanine, Glycine, Serine, Valine, Isoleucine, Proline, Threonine, Histidine, Phenylalanine, Glutamic Acid, Arginine, Pca, Sodium Pca, Sodium Lactate, Fructose, Glucose, Sucrose, Urea, Hexyl Nicotinate, Dextrin, Citric Acid, Polysorbate 20, Gellan Gum, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Sodium Chloride, Hexylene Glycol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol.
TargetsTextural Irregularities,
                                            
                                                Dullness,
                                            
                                                Uneven Skin Tone
FormatToner: Water-Based
Glycolic Acid 7% Exfoliating Toner is a water-based, exfoliating toner formulated with 7% glycolic acid, a proven alpha-hydroxy acid (AHA) that effectively exfoliates the skin. It helps to remove dead skin cells, revealing a smoother, more even texture. Regular use of this glycolic acid toner promotes the appearance of more luminous and radiant skin while reducing the visibility of fine lines, wrinkles, and other signs of aging.
This formulation also features a Tasmanian Pepperberry derivative, a plant extract that helps soothe the skin and reduce irritation commonly associated with exfoliation, making it suitable for frequent use. The presence of this natural ingredient may cause seasonal colour variation in the formula. With a carefully calibrated pH of approximately 3.6, the toner has an optimal balance between salt and acidity.
This multi-functional toner is not only effective on the face, but can also be applied to the scalp to help rebalance, hydrate, and reduce dryness. This formulation should not be used on sensitive, peeling, or compromised skin. For best results, it is recommended to follow sun protection guidance due to increased skin sensitivity to sunlight after use.
The Ordinary Tip:
Aqua/Water/Eau, Butylene Glycol, Nicotiana Benthamiana Hexapeptide-40 sh-Oligopeptide-1, Nicotiana Benthamiana Hexapeptide-40 sh-Polypeptide-76, Nicotiana Benthamiana Octapeptide-30 sh-Oligopeptide-2, Sclerotium Gum, Glycerin, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Citric Acid, Sodium Citrate, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsAdvanced Signs of Aging
GF 15% Solutionhelps minimize and repair visible skin damage to regenerate the appearance of aging skin across the face and neck.
This growth factor serum incorporates three technologies to target:
Additionally, GF 15% Solution also supports skin hydration and strengthens the skin barrier after one application for a more healthy-looking appearance.
Skin naturally contains different types ofgrowth factors, including EGF, IGF, and TGF. Growth factors for skin work to signal its natural repair mechanisms. Over time and with age, skin’s natural levels of growth factors declines, contributing to the appearance of visible signs of aging. GF 15% Solution contains a 15% solution of plant-based biomimetic EGF, TGF, and IGF peptides. These offer a triple-action approach for short, mid and long-term skin renewal benefits.
A complex of IGF helps to regenerate the appearance of skin by helping support skin density and minimise visible wrinkles.
An EGF complex helps to support skin’s natural elastin and process of skin renewal, to target the appearance of aging factors like wrinkles, while promoting elasticity and firmness.
A solution of TGF improves skin’s integrity by supporting natural collagen to minimize visible lines and wrinkles, while promoting skin firmness and elasticity and smoothing skin texture.
Aqua (Water), Sodium Hyaluronate, Propanediol, Pentylene Glycol, Hydrolyzed Hyaluronic Acid, Sodium Hyaluronate Crosspolymer, Phospholipids, Sphingolipids, Panthenol, Ahnfeltiopsis Concinna Extract, Glycerin, Polysorbate 20, Citric Acid, Sodium Citrate, p-Anisic Acid, Tocopherol, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethoxydiglycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsDehydration,
                                            
                                                Signs of Aging
Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (with Ceramides)serum is an updated version of our original formulation. This second-generation formulation combines ingredients forenhanced hydration, barrier support, and smoother skin. The addition of ceramides provides barrier support while retaining multi-depth hydration benefits.
For those who prefer a richer-textured hyaluronic serum, we recommend exploringHyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (Original Formulation). This original formulation hydrates and smooths, and offers a richer feel.
Aqua (Water), Niacinamide, Pentylene Glycol, Zinc PCA, Dimethyl Isosorbide, Tamarindus Indica Seed Gum, Xanthan Gum, Isoceteth-20, Ethoxydiglycol, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsTextural Irregularities,
                                            
                                                Dryness,
                                            
                                                Dullness,
                                            
                                                Visible Shine,
                                            
                                                Signs of Congestion
The Ordinary'sNiacinamide 10% + Zinc 1% Serumis a water-based formulation designed toenhance skin brightness, improve texture, and strengthen the skin’s moisture barrier. This serum contains a high concentration of niacinamide (vitamin B3) and zinc PCA totarget dullness, uneven texture, and excess oil.It also helpsreduce the appearance of poresandinstantly boosts skin radiance.
Step 3: Seal
Aqua (Water), Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cetyl Alcohol, Propanediol, Stearyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Sodium Hyaluronate, Arginine, Aspartic Acid, Glycine, Alanine, Serine, Valine, Isoleucine, Proline, Threonine, Histidine, Phenylalanine, Glucose, Maltose, Fructose, Trehalose, Sodium PCA, PCA, Sodium Lactate, Urea, Allantoin, Linoleic Acid, Oleic Acid, Phytosteryl Canola Glycerides, Palmitic Acid, Stearic Acid, Lecithin, Triolein, Tocopherol, Carbomer, Isoceteth-20, Polysorbate 60, Sodium Chloride, Citric Acid, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Pentylene Glycol, Triethanolamine, Sodium Hydroxide, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsDryness
FormatMoisturizer: Cream
Natural Moisturizing Factors + HAis an effective moisturizer designed to mimic the composition of your skin’s natural hydration system. Infused with acomprehensive blend of ingredientsthat are naturally present in the skin—such asamino acids, fatty acids, triglycerides, urea, ceramides, phospholipids, glycerin, saccharides, sodium PCA, and hyaluronic acid—this formulation keeps the outer layer of your skinwell-hydrated and protected, without leaving a greasy residue.
This moisturizer provides both immediate and lasting effects by replenishing lost moisture and fortifying the skin barrier over time. The addition of hyaluronic acid enhances the product’s ability to retain moisture in the skin, offering effective skin hydration throughout the day, while the inclusion of ceramides and phospholipids ensures your skin remains supple and resilient against environmental stressors.
Regular use of Natural Moisturizing Factors + HA promotessmoother, softer skin with improved moisture retention. It is gentle enough for daily use,suitable for all skin types, and can be incorporated into any skincare regimen for enhanced hydration.
For those seeking an even richer texture and additional moisture, consider tryingNatural Moisturizing Factors + PhytoCeramides, which combines the benefits of this formulation with the addition of advanced plant-based ceramides.
Aqua (Water), Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Propanediol, Dipropylene Glycol, Acetyl Glucosamine, Niacinamide, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Acetyl Tetrapeptide-5, Myristoyl Nonapeptide-3, Dipeptide Diaminobutyroyl Benzylamide Diacetate, Caffeine, Epigallocatechin Gallatyl Glucoside, Gallyl Glucoside, Fraxinus Excelsior Bark Extract, Silanetriol, Arginine, Pentylene Glycol, Hydroxymethoxyphenyl Decanone, Propyl Gallate, Maltodextrin, Hydroxypropyl Cyclodextrin, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Xanthan Gum, Citric Acid, Glycolic Acid, Sodium Citrate, Polysorbate 20, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Dehydroacetic Acid, Ethylhexylglycerin, Benzyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsEarly Signs of Aging,
                                            
                                                Crow's Feet,
                                            
                                                Dark Circles,
                                            
                                                Signs of Aging,
                                            
                                                Puffiness
The Multi-Peptide Eye Serum is a water-based formula designed to target the appearance of common signs of aging around the eye area. This serum utilizes multiple peptide technologies to help reduce the appearance of crow’s feet and under eye wrinkles, eye bags, puffiness, and dark circles, leaving the eye area looking brighter, smoother and less puffy.The peptide technologies found within this eye serum formula include Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38. This formula also contains a combination of niacinamide and fraxinus excelsior bark extract, as well as propyl gallate, gallyl glucoside, and epigallocatechin gallatyl glucoside.Note:This formula comes at a higher price point than many of our other products due to the high concentration of actives required to address multiple eye area concerns at once. However, a little does go a long way. If you are looking to target puffiness and dark circles specifically, you may wish to explore ourCaffeine Solution 5% + EGCG.Clinical ResultsImprovement in the look of crows feet wrinklesImprovement in the look of under eye area wrinklesImprovement in the look of skin luminosity/brightness of the eye contourImprovement in the look of skin texture of the eye contour Reduction in dark circle appearanceDecrease in the look of dark circle colour intensityThis formula contains Matrixyl™ synthe'6™, RetinoPeptide 189, SYN™-AKE, CYTOBIOL™ LUMIN-EYE, UNISOOTH EG-28, and Eyeseryl™ peptide.All trademarks belong to their respective owners. Matrixyl™ synthe'6™ is a trademark of Sederma Inc., RetinoPeptide 189 is the property of SYMRISE AG, SYN™ is a trademark of DSM, CYTOBIOL™ LUMIN-EYE is a trademark of Gattefosse SAS, UNISOOTH EG-28 is a trademark of Givaudan, and Eyeseryl™ is a trademark of Lipotec S.A.U. Neither DECIEM nor The Ordinary is affiliated with the trademark owners.
Aqua (Water), Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cetyl Ethylhexanoate, Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Glycerin, Propanediol, Polyglyceryl-6 Polyricinoleate, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Polyglyceryl-2 Isostearate, Isosorbide Dicaprylate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Phytosteryl Canola Glycerides, Glycosphingolipids, Glycolipids, Linoleic Acid, Oleic Acid, Palmitic Acid, Stearic Acid, Arginine, Glycine, Alanine, Serine, Proline, Threonine, Glutamic Acid, Lysine HCl, Betaine, Xylitylglucoside, Anhydroxylitol, Xylitol, Glucose, Maltose, Fructose, Trehalose, Sodium PCA, PCA, Sodium Lactate, Urea, Allantoin, Sodium Hyaluronate, Lecithin, Triolein, Dimethyl Isosorbide, Pentylene Glycol, Tocopherol, Hydroxymethoxyphenyl Decanone, Citric Acid, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Magnesium Sulfate, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Hydroxide, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
Suited toDry Skin
FormatMoisturizer: Rich Cream
Natural Moisturizing Factors + PhytoCeramides is our most nourishing moisturizer, formulated with nearly four times more moisturizing emollients and two times more humectants than our Natural Moisturising Factors + HA. This rich and replenishing cream immediately boosts skin hydration by 68%,* helps strengthen the skin barrier, and offers all-day hydration, making it ideal for dry skin.It offers a triple-action approach to targeting dryness with the inclusion of skin-identical Natural Moisturizing Factors, PhytoCeramides and skin lipids. The inclusion of plant-derived PhytoCeramides help to improve the look of skin quality, for a fresher, more plumped appearance.*Clinical testing on 30 people after single application.
Aqua (Water), Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Dimethicone, Azelaic Acid, Dimethicone/Bis-Isobutyl Ppg-20 Crosspolymer, Dimethyl Isosorbide, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Polysilicone-11, Isohexadecane, Tocopherol, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Isoceteth-20, Polysorbate 60, Triethanolamine, Ethoxydiglycol, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsTextural Irregularities,
                                            
                                                Dullness,
                                            
                                                Look of Redness,
                                            
                                                Uneven Skin Tone
Azelaic Acid Suspension 10% is a cream-like formula that brightens skin tone and visibly improves skin texture due to a high concentration of azelaic acid—a natural and effective antioxidant found in grains. It has a lower irritation potential than other direct acids, which means it’s gentle enough for daily use as part of your skincare regimen.
Aqua (Water), Glycerin, Lactococcus Ferment Lysate, Copper Tripeptide-1, Acetyl Hexapeptide-8, Pentapeptide-18, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Dipeptide Diaminobutyroyl Benzylamide Diacetate, Acetylarginyltryptophyl Diphenylglycine, Sodium Hyaluronate Crosspolymer, Sodium Hyaluronate, Allantoin, Glycine, Alanine, Serine, Valine, Isoleucine, Proline, Threonine, Histidine, Phenylalanine, Arginine, Aspartic Acid, Trehalose, Fructose, Glucose, Maltose, Urea, Sodium Pca, Pca, Sodium Lactate, Citric Acid, Hydroxypropyl Cyclodextrin, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Hydroxide, Butylene Glycol, Pentylene Glycol, Acacia Senegal Gum, Xanthan Gum, Carbomer, Polysorbate 20, Dimethyl Isosorbide, Sodium Benzoate, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsAdvanced Signs of Aging,
                                            
                                                Dryness
Multi-Peptide + Copper Peptides 1% (previously “Buffet” + Copper Peptides 1%) is a comprehensive formula which utilizes multiple skin support technologies that target multiple signs of aging at once. The formula incorporates five well-studied peptide technologies, skin-friendly amino acids, and multiple hyaluronic acids.
For those looking for a multi-functional solution for skin care, Multi-Peptide + Copper Peptides 1% helps to improve the appearance of fine lines and supports your skin’s overall elasticity, smoothness and firmness. And because this advanced serum contains direct copper peptides, it also targets signs of aging that are typically associated with environmental stressors, resulting in radiant, healthier-looking skin.This formula contains GHK-Cu, SYN™-AKE, Matrixyl™ synthe'6™, Matrixyl™ 3000, ARGIRELOX™ peptide, Hyaluronic Acid, Amino Acids, and Bio-DerivativesAll trademarks belong to their respective owners. SYN™ is a trademark of DSM, Matrixyl™ synthe'6™ and Matrixyl™ 3000 are trademarks of Sederma Inc., and ARGIRELOX™ is a trademark of Lipotec S.A.U. Neither DECIEM nor The Ordinary is affiliated with the trademark owners.
Aqua (Water), Glycerin, Lactococcus Ferment Lysate, Acetyl Hexapeptide-8, Pentapeptide-18, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Dipeptide Diaminobutyroyl Benzylamide Diacetate, Acetylarginyltryptophyl Diphenylglycine, Sodium Hyaluronate Crosspolymer, Sodium Hyaluronate, Allantoin, Glycine, Alanine, Serine, Valine, Isoleucine, Proline, Threonine, Histidine, Phenylalanine, Arginine, Aspartic Acid, Trehalose, Fructose, Glucose, Maltose, Urea, Sodium PCA, PCA, Sodium Lactate, Citric Acid, Hydroxypropyl Cyclodextrin, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Hydroxide, Butylene Glycol, Pentylene Glycol, Acacia Senegal Gum, Xanthan Gum, Carbomer, Polysorbate 20, PPG-26-Buteth-26, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Ethoxydiglycol, Sodium Benzoate, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
TargetsEarly Signs of Aging,
                                            
                                                Dryness,
                                            
                                                Signs of Aging
Multi-Peptide + HA Serumis a comprehensive,age-supporting formulationthat combines multiple technologies to help address common signs ofearly skin aging,including the look offine linesand the feel ofskin elasticity and firmness. By utilizing four well-studied peptide technologies—SYN™-AKE, Matrixyl™ synthe'6™, Matrixyl™ 3000, and ARGIRELOX™— alongside amino acids, and multiple hyaluronic acid complexes, this multi peptide serumreduces the appearance of crow's feet, improves skin elasticity and enhances firmness.
If you are concerned with more advanced signs of aging, we recommend exploringMulti-Peptide + Copper Peptides 1% Serumwhich can address the concerns targeted by Multi-Peptide + HA Serum with the additional benefits of antioxidant support to further reduce the appearance of wrinkles, loss of elasticity and firmness.
Trademarks:All trademarks belong to their respective owners. SYN™ is a trademark of DSM, Matrixyl™ synthe'6™ and Matrixyl™ 3000 are trademarks of Sederma Inc., and ARGIRELOX™ is a trademark of Lipotec S.A.U. Neither DECIEM nor The Ordinary is affiliated with the trademark owners.
Skincare should be effective, honest, and accessible to everyone. That’s why The Ordinary exists—to bring integrity to the industry. Our focus isn’t on fleeting trends or exaggerated claims. Instead, we remain committed to what genuinely works: formulations created in our lab, designed to give your skin precisely what it needs.
At The Ordinary, we also believe that finding the right skincare should be as rewarding as the results themselves. Our goal is to provide quality solutions grounded in science, transparency, and trust. And, in an industry that can often overcomplicate what could remain simple, our formulations keep ingredients clear, helping you build a routine that works for you.
Founded in 2016 by Brandon Truaxe, The Ordinary began with a simple yet powerful idea: to challenge the beauty industry by offering high-quality skincare at accessible prices. Several years later, from our home in Toronto, The Ordinary has redefined what skincare can be.
In a crowded industry, where complex and costly products dominated, The Ordinary’s straightforward, high-performance solutions caught the attention of skincare users around the world. Serums like ourHyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (Original Formulation)andNiacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%, quickly became your skincare favourites.
As we expand into body care, hair care, and beyond, we’re committed to bringing the same integrity and effectiveness you’ve come to expect—because growth should never compromise standards.
With every new chapter, our global team remains devoted to the values that have defined us from the start.
We believe transparency is the key to building trust. We’re committed to sharing exactly what’s in our formulations and how they support your skin.
Every formulation we create isbacked by research. We prioritize science over trends and aim to deliver clinically tested formulations without compromise.
We formulate all our products in our lab to uphold the highest standards of quality and efficacy.
Skincare doesn’t need to be complicated. Our results-driven formulations focus on what works, leaving out unnecessary ingredients, so you get only what your skin needs.
Each formulation serves a specific purpose. We design each product with functional ingredients that address your skin concerns.
High-quality, effective skincare formulations should be accessible to everyone. We’re here to prove thatgreat skin doesn’t have to come at a premium price.
Every formulation developed by The Ordinary is science-backed and developed in our lab by our team of cosmetic chemists. Consider our hydration-boostingHyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 (Original Formulation)or the blemish-targetingNiacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%. These award-winning heroes are loved for their effectiveness, research-driven ingredients, and the simplicity with which they deliver results.
Join us in our mission to build our DECIEM family and change the world of beauty. We are building growth to power good, and we’re always excited to meet new humans who want to add their magic to ours. We’re currently looking for...
In 2013 we had 2 employees and now we have thousands of employees, in over 10 countries. Since inception, our vertically integrated structure, including our own laboratory, manufacturing, e-commerce sites, retail stores and brand infrastructure, enabled us to rapidly identify opportunities and deliver quality. Our growth is fast and unapologetic, but ultimately driven by our hopes of building a human world of beauty: a beauty industry rooted in authenticity, functionality, and honesty.
Once you have submitted your application, you will receive confirmation that we have received your application and that it will be reviewed by the Talent Acquisition team.
This will depend on what stage of the recruitment process you are in. Typically within three business days.
You will be contacted either via email or phone to inform you of your application status.
This will depend on the position you have applied for. The process can take as little as a week or up to three months.
Yes, of course! Here at DECIEM, we want everyone to be in a role that they are not only passionate about but also where they can have the most impact
At DECIEM, we are committed to respecting your privacy. The Job Applicant Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) describes how we use your personal information and the measures we take to protect the security of the information.
Yes we are. DECIEM is an equal opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination based on age, colour, disability, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other legally protected class in accordance with applicable federal, provincial and local laws. We are also committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible workplace. If you are contacted to be part of our recruitment process and require accommodation during it, please let us know.
DECIEM Beauty Group Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "DECIEM," “we,” “us,” “our”) respect human rights and recognize the importance of safe working conditions around the world.
As a company subject to the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act (Cal. Civ. Code § 1714.43), we are publicly disclosing our efforts to help eradicate slavery and human trafficking from our supply chains, so that you may make informed decisions when purchasing products.
DECIEM implements and maintains policies and procedures that require DECIEM as well as its contractors to conduct business in a lawful, ethical and responsible manner.
Prior to engaging any new suppliers, DECIEM internally evaluates such suppliers and requires them to operate in compliance with DECIEM policies including but not limited to our Supplier Code of Conduct. Our Supplier Code of Conduct, in conjunction with our standard purchasing contracts, requires that suppliers be in full compliance with all applicable governmental, legal, regulatory and professional rules and regulations. Our Supplier Code of Conduct includes DECIEM’s prohibition on employing children, using or benefiting from human trafficking, prison labor, indentured labor or bonded labor and engaging in any kind of physical, verbal, psychological or sexual abuse, harassment or any other forms of intimidation or misconduct.
All new suppliers must agree to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct before they are awarded our business.
For the suppliers we share with The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (“ELC”), our parent company, ELC contracts with third parties to conduct on-site audits for ELC suppliers that are selected based on criteria such as geography, type of material and impact to the business. ELC also assesses certain ELC suppliers against environmental and social criteria using a third-party sustainability ratings platform. If non-compliance is discovered, then the remedies may include, among other things, termination of business with DECIEM or the development and implementation of a corrective action plan that would need to be implemented within a certain fixed time period.
To ensure that our suppliers respect and enforce our company standards and applicable laws and regulations, we contractually require suppliers to comply with DECIEM policies, including but not limited to our Supplier Code of Conduct, and all applicable laws and regulations.
Non-compliance with DECIEM policies, including company standards regarding slavery and trafficking, can result in corrective action or termination, depending on the number of non-compliances found and their severity. DECIEM works with our employees and suppliers to develop action plans to resolve any such instances of non-compliance. While we believe in sustainable remediation, we reserve the right to terminate a business relationship with an employee or supplier if it is deemed necessary.
All DECIEM employees, including those who have direct responsibility for supply chain management, must review and agree to comply with our Employee Code of Conduct, so each employee is better able to identify and report risks associated with unethical or unlawful behavior at any stage in DECIEM’s supply chain.
An employee who violates a provision of our Employee Code of Conduct, condones or knowingly fails to report a possible violation, intentionally makes a false report or fails to cooperate fully in any investigation of any violation will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
DECIEM is not a sustainable beauty company, as we don't have all the answers—yet. DECIEM was founded on transparency, and we believe that any business based on consumption (including ours) cannot be truly and fully sustainable within the current limits of sustainability in business. We are working hard to ensure that we are minimizing our impact, but don't have all the answers figured out, and we want to be transparent about where we are on this journey.We believe that beauty is between us and the Earth, and feel that working to do things better is common sense.DECIEM is working to give back to the Earth in five ways: through more responsible packaging, fighting climate change, better waste management, responsible sourcing and product lifecycle, and water conservation.
Curious to know more? We love questions. Feel free to message us
						through ourcontact pageand we'll get
						back to you.Go toAnimalsorPeople.
Three years ago we published an open letter titledNothing Changes if Nothing Changes, outlining
            our commitment to fighting racial and social injustice. While DECIEM has always been committed to creating
            an equitable world of good, we viewed this initiative as a top priority after gaining a new perspective on
            the systemic injustices that exist. The realization of these inequities has inspired us to take action and
            make a positive impact. In 2021, we shared an update on our progress in,Something Changes if Something
                Changes.
Last year, we spoke about how we had taken an honest look at where we could continue to improve through
            listening to our colleagues and communities withCommit to Change,
                Change Will Come. Now, we'd like to present the fourth chapter in our journey, Belonging is the
            Destination, Change is the Journey. This letter reflects our collective effort in creating a world where
            every person feels a sense of belonging. It is our hope that this work will help foster a more inclusive and
            kind world for all.
DECIEM has undergone a transformation this year. While remaining committed to prioritizing Diversity,
            Equity, and Inclusion, we realized that our framework was missing a crucial piece - Belonging. Our Belonging
            Strategy is our roadmap to creating equitable and inclusive spaces for our teams and the communities we
            touch. Our goal: Inclusive communities where all feel accepted, appreciated, and valued for who they are; a
            world where all humans can live. We hope you’ll keep reading for details on how we plan to achieve our goal.
Disrupt norms to foster a psychologically safe and inclusive environment where our DECIEM team members can
            show up as themselves and feel an authentic sense of belonging.
Create a safe, inclusive space where DECIEM team members can be themselves and truly belong. We believe in
            the right for every human to show up unapologetically as themselves, regardless of their background.
Inclusion and belonging are at the forefront of our Engagement Survey, with the 2022 results revealing that
            Inclusion ranked as our top theme. But we're not stopping there - with our Pulse Strategy, we're committed
            to measuring belonging frequently to ensure our progress continues to soar.
We're committed to ongoing diversity training and education, including emotional intelligence and bias
            training for leadership through our Human Leadership program. Our 12-month program covered essential topics
            such as; self-awareness, inclusive conversations, and supporting mental health. Our CEO, Global General
            Manager and VP of People also held listening sessions with non-leadership team members to foster direct
            communication and understanding of diverse experiences within DECIEM.
We prioritize the well-being of our team through HUGS, our EAP program available to all team members and
            their families. We offer self-care activities and encourage a positive work culture that values work-life
            balance, communication, collaboration, and recognition of employee contributions. Our flexible programs
            include baby steps; bereavement, working from anywhere for four weeks, hybrid return to work, and personal
            days that can be used for anything from appointments, to self-care, to mental health days. We value
            well-being as much as our business goals - that's why we've integrated wellness and personal goals into our
            Human Enablement Program, Human Journeys.
Expect all career levels to be reflective of our communities and ensure all DECIEM team members can
                succeed
To ensure we remain focused on our commitments, we want to remind you of the goals we shared last year:
BIPOC leadership at DECIEM is at 55%, up from 39% in 2021. We're committed to inclusive hiring practices to
            better reflect our communities, and in the spirit of transparency, here's a breakdown of how our leadership
            team identifies:
1: Inclusive hiring practices that reduce bias and remove inequities
Black Professionals in Tech Network (Obsidi):DECIEM continues to commit to change, by fighting
            racial and social injustice. We have partnered with BPTN as one of the ways to align our recruitment
            strategy with our business values and help us maintain our goal of a global workforce of at least 50% BIPOC
            team members, focusing on Black and Indigenous Peoples, and increasing representation in leadership roles.
CCAB & PAR:We just submitted our Phase I Certification Application for the Progressive Aboriginal
            Relations (PAR) Program with the Canadian Council for Aboriginal Business. And that's not all!
Connect with consumers and suppliers to understand needs, remove barriers, and amplify changes in
                society
We want to introduce you to what we have deemed ‘humanhood’. Humanhood embraces what makes us all our most
            beautiful - being human. It recognizes our interdependent relationship with the Earth, and our shared
            journey towards creating a kinder, more conscious future for all living beings.
1. Play an active role in driving societal change and ending the cycle of inequities
We're proud to share that during our 2023 fiscal year (starting July 2022), we've donated approximately $1M
            (CAD) to global organizations committed to fostering belonging and creating a world of good.
Ensure internal leadership accountability and be transparent about our progress as a company
1: Drive leadership accountability in DEI
2: Report on DEI progress internally and externally
We're sharing our annual DEI progress update publicly – you're reading it right now ;-).
Thanks for reading our commitments and updates. We're committed to continuous improvement and adapting to
            the evolving world. There's still much to learn and unlearn, but with focus and dedication, we'll achieve
            impactful and sustainable change. We look forward to sharing our ongoing progress with you.
With gratitude, love, and a deep sense of hope for our future.
NicolaCo-Founder
Chemicals are nothing new. Atoms form bonds, creating molecules that make up matter, that makes up everything around us, long before humans created Chemistry. One can say that nature is the original Chemist, and Chemistry is the language through which humans communicate their findings about the workings of the world around them down to an atomic level.
In the language of Chemistry, a chemical is any substance with a definite composition. We communicate this using the periodic table - Chemistry’s very own alphabet - to create chemical formulas. For example, a simple combination of one atom of oxygen (O) and two atoms of hydrogen (H) gives us H2O, the chemical formula of water. In this context, water is a chemical. When the language of Chemistry is removed, water is still water, with the same molecular structure, playing the same role it always has.
Humans are entirely made of chemicals too, and so is everything around us: from the things we can see, to the many that we can’t. From the foods we can taste, to the flowers we can smell, the solids we can grab and the gases we cannot. Everything is made of chemicals. So what is it about defining a substance by its chemical composition that makes it “unclean” when compared to its common name? What makes vinegar and baking soda cupboard staples, but acetic acid and sodium bicarbonate dangerous substances? Much like some of us are afraid of the dark, most of us will fear the unknown.
At DECIEM, we believe that by bringing science-backed, repeatable, experimental evidence to the forefront, we are leaving some of this darkness behind. The unknown is replaced with reliable information, so that our fears cannot be used as a form of marketing. And while we understand that there is much to be uncovered, we conscientiously avoid cherry-picking information to further an agenda, choosing instead to trust the many scientists making a monumental effort to evaluate a complete body of evidence pertaining to the safety of the products that you know and love.
When interpreting said evidence during and after the creation of our products, we follow the core principle of toxicology - dose makes the poison. We understand that, while everything around us might pose a life threatening hazard, the circumstances under which we come into contact with this hazard are what truly makes the risk. This risk based approach, coupled with solid regulations across the globe, is what has always allowed us, and virtually all current beauty brands, to ensure your safety. Science has worked very hard to earn your trust and, going forward, we vow to show you exactly how.
We believe that the beauty of science is its inquisitive nature - it never stops questioning. And at DECIEM, we question the safety of our ingredients with the same energy that we apply to investigating their efficacy. In both cases, we turn to our fellow scientists for evidence, never settling for one single source, or buckling under the pressure of inaccurate claims propagated by fear-mongering.
DECIEM was founded on principles of authenticity and transparency, and the unclear definition of “clean beauty” directly contradicts these values by encouraging marketing to lead over very clear science. As we all move towards a more transparent future, it’s important that we continue to question the ways in which the beauty industry communicates with us.
As a thank you for trusting our disruptive ways, DECIEM’s own Scientific team has been working on an exciting project that will shed some light on the subject of ingredient and product safety, from a scientifically-sound perspective that encompases both the principles of toxicology and the basis of regulatory requirements. In the upcoming months, we will share this work via a number of resources that will enable you to better understand the chemistry of the world around you. We would love for you to join us on this journey (and we promise to keep itclean;-))
In support of science,DECIEM
Follow us onInstagram,LinkedIn,Tik Tok,YouTubeandFacebook.
We work to provide our customers with accurate guidelines on packaging recyclability, however, please ensure that your city or municipal program is consulted before recycling an item.Pleaseclick
                                                herefor a chart summarizing the Triman Logo & Sorting Labels.For the Italy sorting labelsclick
                                                    here.For the Spain sorting labelsclick
                                                    here.
Empty the contents of the container. Remove cap, lid, dropper, pump, and other components and rinse the bottle/jar with water.
Contact your local recycling facility to ensure recyclability via curbside recycling program.
Otherwise, dispose via our in-store recycling program.
#1 PETE & #2 HDPE and glass bottles are recyclable through the majority of local curbside recycling programs.
# 5 PP bottles are usually recyclable through local curbside recycling programs. Please contact your local recycling facility to ensure recyclability.
Recyclable through the majority of local curbside recycling programs.
Due to the complexity of tube recycling in different jurisdictions, we suggest they are disposed via our in-store recycling program.
#1 PETE, #2 HDPE and glass jars are recyclable through the majority of local curbside recycling programs.
# 5 PP jars are usually recyclable through local curbside recycling programs. Contact your local recycling facility to ensure recyclability.
Sometimes recyclable through local curbside recycling programs. Contact your local recycling facility to ensure recyclability of smaller caps.
Recyclable through the majority of local curbside recycling programs. It’s best practice to remove the PET liner on the inside prior to recycling.
Aluminum and paper sachets are usually recyclable through the majority of local curbside recycling programs.
Plastic sachets are sometimes recyclable through local curbside recycling programs. Contact your local recycling facility to ensure recyclability.
Follow Individual Product Packaging Guidelines.
Reuse.
We’re sorry to hear that it’s not working out. If you are not satisfied with your purchase made through the DECIEM website or one of our DECIEM retail stores, we are happy to let you know that you can return any unwanted products that are at least 50% full within 365 days (1 year) from the date of purchase as stated on your invoice/receiptItems purchased as a set (e.g. The Ordinary No-Brainer Set, NIOD Set No. 1) must be returned in full in order to be eligible for a refund. Partial refunds will not be offered. Gift cards cannot be refunded or redeemed for cash except where required by applicable law.Shipping fees and product(s) listed as Final Sale are non-refundable.
We do not provide refunds or exchanges for products purchased outside of DECIEM (e.g. Sephora, ULTA, ASOS, etc.). You must abide by the return and exchange policies set in place by the authorized retailer you have made your purchase with. Please contact the retailer in question for more details.
We do not offer store credit or exchanges at this time. However, if you’re unhappy with one of our products, please review the return instructions below.
You may return unwanted products to any DECIEM retail location within the same country as your original purchase.A receipt or proof of purchase is required to process your refund to your original method of payment. We do not offer store credit or exchanges. We are unable to process your refund without the physical OR electronic copy of your receipt provided to you upon checkout in addition to the original method of payment used.If you are unable to return to one of our DECIEM Retail Stores you can return the products to one of the DECIEM warehouses noted below. Please be advised, your refund will be issued via PayPal. Our Customer Happiness team will contact you for your PayPal information.
Please do not ship item(s) purchased from any of our DECIEM pop-up shops to our warehouse. We kindly ask that you notify our Customer Happiness team by visiting our contact page under "Returns".When completing the form, under Warehouse Sent select “Other”. Under “Return Tracking #” input “DECIEM Pop Up” and under “Products Returned'' input the name of the product(s) you are returning. A member of our team will get back to you with the next steps.
Online orders can be returned in-store or online.
To return in-store, please provide our store ambassador with your order number at checkout. If you are not near a DECIEM store and need to return your product(s) via mail, follow the return by mail instructions.
For some DECIEM products, returns are not accepted by mail due to local/international shipping restrictions. If you wish to process a return, please do not ship the following products to our warehouse
To return these products, follow the instructions below:
A member of our team will get back to you with the next steps. Please note that the above instructions are only applicable for products with shipping restrictions (listed above) - follow the return by mail instructions above for the return of all other DECIEM products.
Returned products are your responsibility until they arrive at DECIEM.
Though it’s not required, we do recommend purchasing tracking services for your protection and to also hold on to the proof of postage in case you need to contact us about your return. Only products received by our warehouse can be credited.
If we cannot locate your order number, we are unable to process the refund. We encourage you to be mindful of what is being sent to us as any products incorrectly sent back cannot be credited and will not be sent back to you.
DECIEM does not incur the cost of return tracking or postage.
We aim to refund you within 12 business days of the product being returned to DECIEM, however, these times may be impacted during high volume periods.
All returns will be credited to the original method of payment. We cannot process your refund to an alternative card. The refund will be issued upon processing of the returned product(s). You will receive an email notification upon completion of return processing.
If we notice an abnormal pattern of return activity or behaviour then we may connect with you about your returns.
Any abuse of the return policy can result in the suspension of the account and any associated accounts. If this has happened to you, and you think we’ve made a mistake, contact our Customer Happiness team and we’ll be happy to review it with you. If your account has been suspended and you need to make a return, contact our Customer Happiness team before sending any products back.
DECIEM maintains the right to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, whether you are entitled to a refund and, if so, the amount of the refund you are eligible to receive. DECIEM reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to refuse to provide a refund or accept your Order for any reason – including, but not limited to, if we deem your Order to be suspicious or fraudulent in any way.
Related topics:Terms of UseandPrivacy Policy.Can’t find the answer you need? Please reach out to ourDECIEM Customer Happinessteam.
