The Free Standard Shipping – No Minimum (the “Promotion”) is
                available
                only on theordinary.com, niod.com and loopha.com from 12:00am EST June 5, 2025 to 11:59pm EST June
                27,
                2025 (the “Promotion Period”). Promotion will be applied automatically
                at
                checkout on all qualifying purchases during the Promotion Period.
Promotion is only available to customers who (i) reside in countries that DECIEM is currently
                shipping to
                and (ii) purchase any The Ordinary, NIOD, or LOoPHA product online (“Eligible
                    Customers”). Eligible Customers will receive free standard shipping on all
                qualifying
                purchases.
Qualifying purchase excludes applicable taxes, brokerage, duties and custom fees, gift cards and
                other
                items not discountable or excluded by law. The Promotion applies to available products and stock at
                the
                time of purchase, no rainchecks. Promotion is not valid on purchases outside of the Promotion
                Period, is
                non-transferable and there is no cash value or alternatives.
                                                Dryness
Multi-Peptide + Copper Peptides 1% (previously “Buffet” + Copper Peptides 1%) is a comprehensive formula which utilizes multiple skin support technologies that target multiple signs of aging at once. The formula incorporates five well-studied peptide technologies, skin-friendly amino acids, and multiple hyaluronic acids.
For those looking for a multi-functional solution for skin care, Multi-Peptide + Copper Peptides 1% helps to improve the appearance of fine lines and supports your skin’s overall elasticity, smoothness and firmness. And because this advanced serum contains direct copper peptides, it also targets signs of aging that are typically associated with environmental stressors, resulting in radiant, healthier-looking skin.This formula contains GHK-Cu, SYN™-AKE, Matrixyl™ synthe'6™, Matrixyl™ 3000, ARGIRELOX™ peptide, Hyaluronic Acid, Amino Acids, and Bio-DerivativesAll trademarks belong to their respective owners. SYN™ is a trademark of DSM, Matrixyl™ synthe'6™ and Matrixyl™ 3000 are trademarks of Sederma Inc., and ARGIRELOX™ is a trademark of Lipotec S.A.U. Neither DECIEM nor The Ordinary is affiliated with the trademark owners.
